text
"On Saturday, September 17 at 8:30 pm EST, an explosion rocked West 23 Street in Manhattan, in the neighborhood commonly referred to as Chelsea, injuring 29 people, smashing windows and initiating street closures. There were no fatalities. Officials maintain that a homemade bomb, which had been placed in a dumpster, created the explosion. The explosive device was removed by the police at 2:25 am and was sent to a lab in Quantico, Virginia for analysis. A second device, which has been described as a “pressure cooker” device similar to the device used for the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013, was found on West 27th Street between the Avenues of the Americas and Seventh Avenue. By Sunday morning, all 29 people had been released from the hospital. The Chelsea incident came on the heels of an incident Saturday morning in Seaside Heights, New Jersey where a bomb exploded in a trash can along a route where thousands of runners were present to run a 5K Marine Corps charity race. There were no casualties. By Sunday afternoon, law enforcement had learned that the NY and NJ explosives were traced to the same person.

Given that we are now living in a world where acts of terrorism are increasingly more prevalent, when a bomb goes off, our first thought usually goes to the possibility of terrorism. After all, in the last year alone, we have had several significant incidents with a massive number of casualties and injuries in Paris, San Bernardino California, Orlando Florida and Nice, to name a few. And of course, last week we remembered the 15th anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks where close to 3,000 people were killed at the hands of terrorists. However, we also live in a world where political correctness is the order of the day and the fear of being labeled a racist supersedes our natural instincts towards self-preservation which, of course, includes identifying the evil-doers. Isn’t that how crimes are solved? Law enforcement tries to identify and locate the perpetrators of the crime or the “bad guys.” Unfortunately, our leadership – who ostensibly wants to protect us – finds their hands and their tongues tied. They are not allowed to be specific about their potential hypotheses for fear of offending anyone.

New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio – who famously ended “stop-and-frisk” profiling in his city – was extremely cautious when making his first remarks following the Chelsea neighborhood explosion. “There is no specific and credible threat to New York City from any terror organization,” de Blasio said late Saturday at the news conference. “We believe at this point in this time this was an intentional act. I want to assure all New Yorkers that the NYPD and … agencies are at full alert”, he said. Isn’t “an intentional act” terrorism? We may not know whether it is from an international terrorist group such as ISIS, or a homegrown terrorist organization or a deranged individual or group of individuals. It is still terrorism. It is not an accident. James O’Neill, the New York City Police Commissioner had already ruled out the possibility that the explosion was caused by a natural gas leak at the time the Mayor made his comments. New York’s Governor Andrew Cuomo was a little more direct than de Blasio saying that there was no evidence of international terrorism and that no specific groups had claimed responsibility. However, he did say that it is a question of how the word “terrorism” is defined. “A bomb exploding in New York is obviously an act of terrorism.” Cuomo hit the nail on the head, but why did need to clarify and caveat before making his “obvious” assessment?

The two candidates for president Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump also weighed in on the Chelsea explosion. Clinton was very generic in her response saying that “we need to do everything we can to support our first responders – also to pray for the victims” and that “we need to let this investigation unfold.” Trump was more direct. “I must tell you that just before I got off the plane a bomb went off in New York and nobody knows what’s going on,” he said. “But boy we are living in a time—we better get very tough folks. We better get very, very tough. It’s a terrible thing that’s going on in our world, in our country and we are going to get tough and smart and vigilant.”

Unfortunately, an incident like the Chelsea explosion reminds us how vulnerable our country is particularly in venues defined as “soft targets.” Now more than ever, America needs strong leadership which is laser-focused on protecting her citizens from terrorist attacks of all genres and is not afraid of being politically incorrect.

The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com"
"Less than a day after protests over the police killing of an African-American man turned violent in North Carolina, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump placed some of the blame for the turmoil on the impact of drugs.

""If you're not aware, drugs are a very, very big factor in what you're watching on television at night,"" said Trump in a speech to the Shale Insight 2016 Conference in Pittsburgh today.

On Wednesday night, Charlotte experienced its second night of protests after the death of Keith Lamont Scott on Tuesday afternoon. Officers in riot gear confronted demonstrators in a downtown commercial area and employed tear gas to control crowds. One person is in critical condition after suffering an apparent gunshot wound.

The Republican nominee condemned the violence, calling for unity.

""Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the world's leader. How can we lead when we can't even control our own cities? We honor and recognize the right of all Americans to peacefully assemble, protest and demonstrate, but there is no right to engage in violent disruption or to threaten the public safety and peace of others.""

He continued to praise law enforcement officers, citing the challenges they face and calling for better training.

""It's tough being a police officer,"" Trump said. ""Police are entrusted with immense responsibility, and we must do everything we can to ensure that they are properly trained, that they respect all members of the public and that any wrongdoing is always — and it will be by them — vigorously addressed.""

But aside from that one reference, amid his heavy-handed praise for law enforcement and condemnation of protesters, Trump never acknowledged any pattern of violence against African-Americans at the hands of police, which is precisely why so many protesters say they have taken to the streets. They cite the shooting deaths of dozens of other black Americans by police as cause to protest a system they say is dangerous and discriminatory and fails to prosecute far too many officers who kill African-Americans, in many instances unarmed.

Trump in recent days has appealed to black Americans, asking them what they have to lose by voting for him, even as he paints an exceptionally grim portrait of black poverty and crime.

During a rally earlier this week in North Carolina, Trump said, ""We're going to rebuild our inner cities because our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape they've ever been in before. Ever, ever, ever,""

Many African-Americans have bristled at that broad assertion. While many inner cities are plagued by crime and poverty, according to census data from 2015, 52.9 percent of black Americans age 25 or older hold some sort of college degree. A Pew report released in December shows that black adults experienced the largest income increase from 1971 to 2015 and were the only racial group to see a decrease in the percentage of low-income earners. And according to the Census Bureau, almost 73 percent of black Americans do not live in poverty.

Trump, in an effort to reach out to the black community, visited Cleveland earlier this week, appearing at a black church. And during a town hall on the Fox News Channel Wednesday night, he was asked about the threat of violence.

""I would do stop and frisk. I think you have to,"" said Trump. ""We did it in New York. It worked incredibly well. And you have to be proactive and, you know, you really help people sort of change their mind automatically.""

But this morning in an interview on ""Fox & Friends"" he stepped back from the statement, claiming he was referring to a strategy only for Chicago.

In Pittsburgh, Trump delineated a difference between what he called the ""violent disruptor"" and the rest of the black community. He said it was the country""s job ""to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent trying to raise their kids in peace, to walk their children to school and to get their children great educations."""
"Obama To UN: ‘Giving Up Liberty, Enhances Security In America…’ [VIDEO]

Freedom is the bedrock that this nation was built upon. The problem is, liberals hate freedom. Oh, sure — they pay lip service to its importance, but ultimately, they want people to be subservient to a liberal-controlled government. They may not want a tyrannical king, but a tyrannical government of socialist-loving politicians pushing government-controlled everything is A-OK with them. They can’t ever say this out loud, though. Which makes the speech Obama just gave to the United Nations rather surprising. Obama actually admitted that he thinks it’s necessary for the United States to give up a little liberty… you know, for “safety”.

Tuesday, Obama spoke to the United Nations General Assembly. “We can only realize the promise of this institution’s founding to replace the ravages of war with cooperation if powerful nations, like my own, accept constraints,” he said. “Sometimes I am criticized in my own country for professing a belief in international norms and multilateral institutions. But I am convinced in the long run, giving up some freedom of action, not giving up our ability to protect ourselves or pursue our core interests, but binding ourselves to the international rules over the long-term enhances our security.”

× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now

So evidently, Obama believes that we should relinquish more of our freedom and sovereignty so that the international community can rule over us. How this will make the country safer, he didn’t explain. But safety relies on us bringing more Muslim refugees into the United States. “Ultimately our world will be more secure if we are prepared to help those in need and the nations who are carrying the largest burden with respect to accommodating these refugees,” Obama said.

Obama may want to take a look at how Germany is doing. Accepting tons of refugees without screening them first has certainly not made their country safer — it’s made it more dangerous. And right here in the United States, we have had multiple terrorist attacks over the last year.

How allowing over 110,000 Muslim refugees with no vetting whatsoever into our country will keep us safe is not something that Obama can actually explain, because it’s a completely ludicrous idea. And turning the United States into a country that has to answer to the United Nations before we act on anything doesn’t make us safer, either. It’s a typical liberal idea: something that is nonsensical and useless, yet will weaken the country and strip Americans of their constitutionally-protected rights. But hey, who needs freedom, right? Obama has an agenda to push."
"Getty Images Wealth Of Nations Trump vs. Clinton: A Fundamental Clash over How the Economy Works He sees it as zero-sum. She believes all boats rise together. Hillary is right, but a lot of people are buying into Trump’s vision.

As he made clear once again in Monday night’s debate, Donald Trump sees the world in zero-sum terms—when one person or one country wins, another always loses. Asked by NBC’s Lester Holt how to help American workers, Trump responded in his usual way, saying America was getting beaten by everyone else around the world, and the NAFTA free-trade deal was “one of the worst things that ever happened to the manufacturing industry. ... We have to stop these countries from stealing our companies and our jobs.”

Hillary Clinton, by contrast, sees the world as a place where all boats can rise at once—as she also made plain Monday by harking back to Bill Clinton’s pro-globalization presidency, which included NAFTA. ‘I think my husband did a pretty good job in the 1990s. I think a lot about what worked and how we can make it work again,” she said. “Incomes went up for everybody.”

Story Continued Below

That is the election of 2016 distilled down to its essence. “My whole life is about winning. … I always win,” Trump says in explaining why he’s running. The economic plan on his website begins with the rubric “Winning the Global Competition.” You don’t get more zero-sum than that.

Despite the view of most economists that the economy overall is not a zero-sum game—but rather a complex mechanism that, if run right, can raise everyone’s welfare at once–Trump’s message has resonated in an era when it’s become common to speak of winners and losers in the global economy. The zero-sum message fits neatly with the widespread reality that many millions have been severely harmed by the transitions in our economy over the past decades. As Danny Vinik recently noted in Politico, the gap between those who are thriving in the new economies of today and those who are not continues to grow.

The recent Census Report that showed a 5.2 percent increase in real median income between 2014 and 2015 was taken by many as proof that the narrative of an America in decline and losing is fundamentally flawed. Statistically, if the United States is one unit, that is true. But 320 million people have a huge variety of experiences ill-suited to one size fit all numbers, and while the averages and medians may go up or down, that says nothing about the lived experience of tens of millions who diverge from that one number. And the experience of a goodly portion of what was the industrial heartland and what was the epicenter of the mid-2000s housing bubble is unequivocally negative, insecure and economically grim.

Hence, you have the sense that those who perceive themselves as winners in the global economy are trending towards the Democrats, while those who think they’ve lost are going toward Trump. There is some truth there, but that isn’t a sufficient explanation for why, for instance, massive percentages of African-Americans and Latinos, who have certainly struggled economically and socially, support Clinton.

No, what is most striking about this election is the degree to which the electorate is polarized not between winners and losers per se but between those who view the world in such zero-sum terms, like Trump, and those who sense that it is possible to multiply the numbers of “winners” without creating a commensurate number of losers. That has been the mantra of Clinton and her predecessors in the Democratic Party, and it was also the foundation of Ronald Reagan’s appeal. The belief that the economic pie can expand year after year and embrace ever more people has also backed up by a generation of economists who argue that open trade and globalization makes the whole world wealthier.

Hillary Clinton has continued to deliver that message. At the Democratic Convention in July she spoke of an America thriving with economic opportunity, with millions working hard and succeeding. President Obama has also been at pains to highlight the innovations of Silicon Valley, the revival of many cities in the past decade, and the substantial gains on the other side of 2008-2009 financial crisis. Judging from polls and surveys, those who fit that description – clustered and concentrated in large metro areas, and on the coasts especially – support Clinton and the Democrats by wide margins.

***

Is either side right? Most economists see the liberal internationalist order backed by the law establishing the rules of engagement in free markets as a key element to the emergence of a several billion-strong global middle class. In general, that view is correct. But it still tends to gloss over just how wrenching it is to be among the tens of millions in the United States caught in the vortex of rapid change. It does these global laggards no good to say that they have bigger homes and longer lives and more possessions than their grandparents. They legitimately fear that they will lose those homes, be unable to afford healthcare, that they will see their communities crumble and their children’s hopes extinguished. And they see a world of others who appear to be doing better, who seem to be winning, and a political establishment that has promised everything and delivered what feels like nothing.

The voice of the so-called losers in this global competition is as loud, politically speaking, as it’s been in a long time. Hence Trump (not to mention Bernie Sanders’ powerful insurgency in the Democratic primaries). The last time so many in the United States were so sour about the inequities between those winning (the few) and those losing was at the dawn of the Progressive Movement in the 1890s. Many early Progressives rebelled against an elite vision of Social Darwinism then prevalent which said that the strong and the best thrive while the rest manage to eke out what they can. In 1896, the scion of that view was William Jennings Bryan, who painted a picture of the United States every bit as bleak and dark as Trump with his thundering about elites on the coasts crucifying hard worker labor and farmers on a “cross of gold.” Bryan lost two elections, and his zero-sum view never came to dominate American politics. Much of his message about inequality and the need to reform the system, however, was taken up by Theodore Roosevelt and generations of both Republicans and Democrats. Some of it harsh and redistributive, focused on trust busting and exerting American influence and prestige abroad, and much of it was about expanding opportunities for all.

Trump also enjoys a good deal of sub-rosa support among business leaders and Wall Street, who certainly haven’t lack for economic benefits in today’s world. They aren’t supporting him with their money, but many of them detest Clinton and see Trump as expressing their world view. For Wall Street, that makes some sense, in that in the wake of the financial crisis, key aspects of finance are becoming less popular and less profitable. In that sense, finance, which was the winning sector of the economy from the mid-1980s through the mid-2000s, has been losing ground. The idea of gain and loss, and that every trade represents a winner and a loser, is deeply embedded in aspects of Wall Street.

We have, of course, no idea which candidate and which worldview will prevail in six weeks. But if Trump wins, he should remember: it is impossible to find any society and any point in American history where a zero-sum formula has led to increased affluence for the many and increased security. Zero-sum most often begets zero-sum, whether in the form of trade wars or actual wars. By contrast, the profound strength of the United States has been a vision of an open economy that thrives on education and innovation and an open world where the strength invariably overcomes the zero-sum countries and alliances that pepper the planet and always have. A vision of winners and losers invariably begets more winners and losers, and little else.

Zachary Karabell is head of global strategy at Envestnet and author of The Leading Indicators: A Short History of the Numbers That Rule Our World. He is a contributing editor at Politico Magazine."
"President Obama today vetoed a bill that would allow survivors of the 9/11 attacks, along with victims' families, to sue the government of Saudi Arabia.

“I am returning herewith without my approval S. 2040, the ‘Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act’ (JASTA), which would, among other things, remove sovereign immunity in U.S. courts from foreign governments that are not designated state sponsors of terrorism,” Obama notes in the veto message.

“I have deep sympathy for the families of the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 (9/11), who have suffered grievously. I also have a deep appreciation of these families' desire to pursue justice and am strongly committed to assisting them in their efforts.”

The veto comes at the end of a 10-day constitutional window after Congress' overwhelming approval of the legislation, setting up a fight that's likely to hand the outgoing president his first veto override.

Suffering his first veto override so late in his second term would be significant, especially considering the president's high approval ratings relative to the rest of his presidency. By comparison, former President George W. Bush was overridden twice during his two terms in office and only in his final two years when his approval rating had plummeted.

The last president to make it through a full presidency without a veto override is Lyndon B. Johnson.

If passed into law, the legislation would allow victims of terrorism to sue foreign governments for damages.

Obama and the White House have argued that language in the bill could potentially compromise the principle of “sovereign immunity,” and put the U.S. government and entities at risk of being sued by other countries.

""Overriding the president's veto means that this country will start pursuing a less forceful approach in dealing with state sponsors of terrorism and potentially opens up U.S. service members and diplomats and even companies to spurious lawsuits in kangaroo courts around the world,"" White House press secretary Josh Earnest explained to reporters today.

""Our concern extends not just to the impact this would have on our relationship with Saudi Arabia, but rather the impact that this could have on the United States' relationship with countries around the world.""

But the showdown has also put the Obama administration at odds politically with the wishes of countless 9/11 families who argue they haven't had their day in court against all parties responsible for the terror attacks. Saudi Arabia has itself spoken critically of and personally lobbied against the effort, maintaining it had no role in assisting the 9/11 terrorists.

The House and Senate each passed the measure by unanimous consent. A veto override requires a two-thirds vote by each chamber, and the White House says it has been working diligently behind the scenes to rally enough Democrats to block the override effort.

Obama's former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, has also indicated she would sign the legislation into law if she wins the presidential election."
"CHAOS! NC Protest MOB Ambushes Female Truck Driver, Loots Truck, Sets Cargo On Fire – No One Helps!? [VIDEO]

There’s nothing wrong with protesting a perceived injustice. One of our most cherished American rights is the right to peacefully assemble — to protest. However, that’s often not what happens when Black Lives Matter activists set out to make a statement. Too often, they don’t understand what the words “peaceful protest” mean. That was proved true once again in North Carolina last night, when a Black Lives Matter mob descended upon a highway and began attacking people.

The rioters began by throwing rocks at cars and trucks, protesting the shooting of a black man on that same highway.

VIDEO: this is what we saw overnight; protestors throwing rocks, blocking a major interstate, face-to-face w/@cmpd @TWCNewsCLT #KeithScott pic.twitter.com/BvhuBKj4X9 — Christina Watkins (@CWatkinsTV) September 21, 2016

But it quickly became dangerous, when the mob ambushed a female truck driver. She was trapped in the truck as the rioters looted her truck, stealing the goods and lighting them on fire, all while she was inside. She called police, but they never came. Instead, a media chopper got footage of the violence.

🤕Try & picture Collapsing Hillary Clinton getting out of bed to deal with Chaos & Violence in N.C #KeithLamontScott pic.twitter.com/KAVPlHmWPb × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now — DEPLORABLE TRUMPCAT (@Darren32895836) September 21, 2016

It didn’t stop there, though; by the end of the night, 16 police officers were injured and the freeway had been shut down.

Message to these Black Lives Matter protesters: this doesn’t help your cause. Protesting the killing of a black man at the hands of police is a valid thing to do. Shutting down a freeway, throwing rocks at cars, attacking an innocent truck driver and injuring 16 police officers is not. That’s not a protest; it’s a riot. And it doesn’t endear anyone to the Black Lives Matter cause. It makes racial division worse and inflames racial tension. That doesn’t fix anything.

Martin Luther King, Jr. encouraged people to use love, hope and integrity to make a difference when he was fighting for civil rights. It’s shameful to see the Black Lives Matter movement literally doing the exact opposite. Instead of love, they spread anger and hatred and intolerance. They encourage black people to see themselves as perpetual victims and white people as racist oppressors. How they are able to look at themselves in the mirror without feeling deep shame for their actions is truly beyond comprehension."
"Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump ushered the 2016 presidential campaign into a new phase tonight, and they did it with plenty of barbs.

The two candidates faced off in their first general election debate at Hofstra University in Long Island, New York, in front of what was expected to be a historic number of television viewers.

Here are 10 moments that mattered at the first general election presidential debate:

1. Nominees Started Off on a Friendly Note but No Escaping the Sarcasm

Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have lobbed insults at each other from far away for months, but tonight they tried to start their highly anticipated face off on a genteel note, although the mutual contempt was just below the surface.

When Clinton walked out in a red pantsuit and Trump in a blue tie -- the opponents’ trading traditional party colors -- the two shook hands and Clinton said, “How are you, Donald?” Perhaps trying to throw him off at the top with a warm greeting.

Shortly after the debate began, Trump talked about overseas trade deals, saying, “But in all fairness to Secretary Clinton,” before stopping himself and turning to his opponent and saying, “Yes, is that OK? Good. I want you to be very happy. It's very important to me.”

He seemed to be referring to his addressing her as “Secretary Clinton,” although it wasn’t completely clear during the moment.

2. Personal Attacks Came Early

Clinton was first to go on the attack during tonight’s debate, taking aim at Trump’s business roots by claiming he borrowed $14 million from his father to start his real estate business.

“Donald was very fortunate in his life and that's all to his benefit. He started his business with $14 million, borrowed from his father, and he really believes that the more you help wealthy people, the better off we'll be and that everything will work out from there. I don't buy that. I have a different experience,” Clinton said, before expanding on her father’s work as a drapery maker.

Trump responded to that personal claim rather than addressing her subsequent remarks that he believes in “trumped up, trickle-down” economics.

“For one thing, and before we start on that, my father gave me a very small loan in 1975 and I built it into a company that's worth many, many billions of dollars,” Trump said.

3. Trading Barbs Over Trade

Voters saw the first fiery moment of the debate when the two candidates sparred over the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.

Trump accused Clinton of supporting TPP, the proposed trade agreement between the United States and 11 other countries along the Pacific Rim.

“And now you want to approve Trans-Pacific Partnership. You were totally in favor of it,” Trump said.

Clinton fired back, “Well, that is just not accurate. I was against it once it was finally negotiated and the terms were laid out.”

Trump then pointed to Clinton’s once referring to TPP as the “gold standard of trade deals.”

“Well, Donald, I know you live in your own reality, but that is not the facts,” Clinton said.

Clinton promoted TPP as secretary of state under President Obama, who is pushing the trade deal. While speaking in Australia in November 15, 2012, Clinton said, ""TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field.” Clinton came out against the trade deal October of last year, saying that “what I know about it as of today I am not in favor of what I have learned about it.”

4. Trump Asks ‘Why Not’ Blame All the World’s Problems on Clinton

Less than 30 minutes into the debate, Trump went after Clinton, attacking her on trade, ISIS, taxes, the economy and more. Clinton quipped: ""I have a feeling by the end of this evening I'm going to be blamed for everything that's ever happened.”

Trump didn’t miss a beat, saying to his opponent: “Why not?”

Clinton responded: ""Why not? Yeah. Why not? Just join the debate by saying more crazy things. Now, let me say this—“

Trump interjected: ""There's nothing crazy about not letting our companies bring their money back into the country,” before the moderator reminded Trump, ""This is secretary Clinton's two minutes, please.""

Drew Angerer/Getty Images

5. Trump Hit Over Not Releasing Tax Returns

Trump clashed with his Democratic rival over his decision not to release his tax returns.

“I don't mind releasing. I'm under a routine audit and it will be released,” he said. Trump went on to tout his disclosure of a different federally mandated form required by the U.S. Office of Government Ethics of everyone from presidential candidates to the postmaster general.

Trump then pivoted to attack Clinton over her private email server. “I will release my tax returns against my lawyer's wishes when she releases her 33,000 e-mails that have been deleted,” he said.

“I think you've just seen another example of bait and switch here. For 40 years, everyone running for president has release their tax returns,” she said. “You got to ask yourself: Why won't he release his tax returns?

“Maybe he doesn't want the American people, all of you watching tonight, to know that he's paid nothing in federal taxes,” she said.

6. The Birther Issue Gets on the Main Stage

Moderator Lester Holt asked Trump “what took you so long” to acknowledge that President Obama was born in the United States, bringing the Republican nominee’s recent turnaround on an issue that was central to his public positions for years.

At first, Trump claimed that two Clinton aides were the ones who initially looked into Barack Obama’s birth certificate during the 2008 campaign -- a claim that he has made before -- and then said that he was “satisfied” with when Obama released his birth certificate.

Holt noted that Obama released his longform birth certificate in 2011, but Trump continued to raise questions about it’s authenticity until 2015.

“Nobody was pressing it, nobody was caring much about it,” Trump said, referencing the years between the release and Trump’s decision this month to acknowledge Obama was born in America. “I figured you'd ask the question tonight, of course. But nobody was caring much about it. But I was the one that got him to produce the birth certificate, and I think I did a good job.”

Paul J. Richards/AFP/Getty Images

7. Clinton Defends Being ‘Prepared’ When Trump Questions Her Time Off the Trail

Trump was talking about crime in the inner cities when he said, “I’ve been all over the place. You decided to stay home and that's OK,” seeming to jab Clinton for leaving the campaign trail in recent days to prepare for tonight’s faceoff.

""I think Donald just criticized me for preparing for this debate,” Clinton said. ""And, yes, I did. And you know what else I prepared for? I prepared to be president. And I think that's a good thing.”

Throughout the debate, Clinton tried to portray Trump as unprepared and unwilling to do the hard work to prepare for the presidency. She also hit back against an attack he regularly makes on the campaign trail: That she doesn't stump as much as he does because she doesn't have his endurance.

8. Stop and Frisk Becomes a Big Point of Discussion

Trump’s support of stop and frisk, a controversial tactic once heavily used by the New York Police Department, was discussed at length during the debate.

“Stop and frisk had a tremendous impact on the safety of New York City. Tremendous beyond belief. So when you say it has no impact, it really did, it had a very very big impact,” Trump said.

Trump said that the tactic was not deemed unconstitutional -- which it was -- and added instead that “it went before a judge who was a very against-police judge.”

“They would have won an appeal,” he said, noting that there was no appeal.

Trump and Clinton went on to debate various crime rates in cities like Chicago and New York for nearly 10 minutes of the debate.

9. Trump and the Iraq War Under the Microscope

Toward the end of the debate, Holt corrected Trump on whether he supported the war in Iraq before it started.

“I did not support the war in Iraq,” Trump said. ""That is a mainstream media nonsense put out by her because she frankly I think the best person in her campaign is mainstream media.”

Holt corrected him, saying, “The record shows otherwise.”

The only time Trump seems to have spoken about the war publicly before it started was to Howard Stern in 2002 and seemed to support the invasion. Stern asked Trump, “Are you for invading Iraq?""

Trump appeared to hesitate, responding, “Yeah, I guess so. I wish the first time it was done correctly.”

Despite the attempt to correct him, Trump continued to stress he was against the war, saying, “The record shows that I am right.”

10. Sparring Over Stamina

Holt asked Trump about when he once said that Clinton does not have a “presidential look,” asking Trump what he meant by that. Trump pivoted to attack her “stamina.”

""She doesn't have the look, she doesn’t have the stamina,” Trump said. ""I said she doesn't have the stamina. And I don't believe she does have the stamina. To be president of this country, you need tremendous stamina.”

Trump has been hitting Clinton on her stamina and strength on the campaign trail for months, but tonight Clinton tried to shut that line of attack down.

""Well, as soon as he travels to 112 countries and negotiates a peace deal, a cease-fire, a release of dissidents, an opening of new opportunities and nations around the world, or even spends 11 hours testifying in front of a congressional committee, he can talk to me about stamina,” Clinton said.

She also attempted to remind voters of some of the more controversial things he has said about women:

""One thing Lester, he tried to switch from looks to stamina,” Clinton said. ""But this is a man who has called women pigs, slobs and dogs. And someone who has said pregnancy is an inconvenience to employers. Who has said women don't deserve equal pay unless they do as good a job as men.”"
"Peaceful protesters crowded Charlotte's first city council meeting since the cop shooting of Keith Lamont Scott, with over 50 people speaking out against police violence.

But none of them stood out Monday quite as much as a young girl.

Zianna Oliphant, her hair done up in braids and tears streaking her face, brought into focus the stress police shootings place on children, as well as the pain the black community of Charlotte has suffered in the wake of Scott's death last week.

“I’ve been born and raised in Charlotte. And I never felt this way until now and I can’t stand how we’re treated,” the grade-school girl said, wiping away tears.

David T. Foster III/The Charlotte Observer via AP Photo

She expressed the hardship that children face when a parent dies. Scott himself, who was African-American, had seven children.

“It’s a shame that we have to go to their graveyard and bury them. And we have tears. We shouldn’t have tears. We need our fathers and mothers to be by our side,” she said.

Zianna, as well as the protesters in the room who chanted ""no justice, no peace"" after she spoke, helped to underscore the degree to which communal wounds have been slow to heal in North Carolina’s most populous city since the shooting.

Protests started on the streets of Charlotte after news of Scott's shooting broke last Tuesday and, occasionally, became violent as they continued deeper into the week.

David T. Foster III/The Charlotte Observer via AP Photo

The scene grew especially tense Wednesday night when police clad in riot gear fired tear gas and rubber bullets at demonstrators. Some people in the crowds threw bottles and rocks at officers and passing cars, blocked an interstate highway, surrounded and jumped on vehicles, looted businesses and stormed the entrance of a Hyatt hotel, injuring two of its employees.

At the city council meeting, Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts called for decorum at several points during public remarks. At several points, protesters yelled criticism of her and Police Chief Kerr Putney.

After the meeting wrapped up, The Charlotte Observer reported, more than 20 protesters moved to the lobby of the Government Center.

“Release. Release. The whole damn tape,” the protesters chanted, according to the newspaper.

David T. Foster III/The Charlotte Observer via AP Photo

Ray Dotch, Scott's brother-in-law, Monday called for the release of the entire video of his shooting in an interview with ABC News.

Chief Putney has released body and dashboard camera videos of the fatal police shooting of Scott, answering to demands made by community leaders, protesters and politicians. But it is not entirely clear from those videos or from the one taken by Scott's wife, Rakeiya Scott, that the victim had a gun on his person, as the police allege. It is also not entirely clear that he brandished it in such a way that would have posed a threat to the officers who approached him."
"Story highlights Bush will deliver his first lecture on Thursday

He is a staunch advocate for charter schools, voucher programs and higher education standards

(CNN) Jeb Bush will be a guest lecturer at Harvard University this fall, focusing on education in ""a number of multi-day visits"" this semester, the John F. Kennedy School of Government announced Tuesday.

The former Florida governor and Republican presidential candidate -- who was known for his wonkish love of policy on the campaign trail -- will deliver his first lecture on Thursday.

He'll also co-lecture in a course titled, ""The Political Economy of the School,"" and participate in faculty-led student study groups.

After dropping out of the presidential race in February, Bush returned to his position as chairman and president of the board of directors at an organization he started called the Foundation for Excellence in Education.

Bush -- a staunch advocate for charter schools, voucher programs and higher education standards -- attempted to make education a defining hallmark of his presidential campaign.

Read More"
"Hillary Clinton’s campaign is making one plea ahead of Monday night’s big debate: Don’t let Donald Trump get away with it.

And Trump’s campaign is firing right back, arguing that the press is biased against the Republican nominee and, in any case, Clinton’s team is just trying to “game the refs.”

Story Continued Below

The debate is playing out against a backdrop of polls that indicate a tightening White House race, with Trump drawing even or ahead in national and battleground-state surveys. Polling averages now show that Clinton’s post-convention lead has evaporated, and no less a guru than Nate Silver declared on Monday morning that the race is a “dead heat.”

“The latest polling is consistent with a Clinton lead of only ~1% nationally. State firewall breaking up. Trend lines awful,” Silver tweeted.

During the critical hours of expectation-setting ahead of the 9 p.m. showdown at Hofstra University, both camps claimed their candidate would be held to an unfair standard, with Clinton’s aides explicitly requesting that moderator Lester Holt fact-check Trump in real time.

“We are concerned that Donald Trump may lie, he may throw misinformation out there, and that Hillary will have to spend all of her time trying to correct the record rather than talking about the things she wants to accomplish,” Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook told “CBS This Morning,” adding that all the campaign is asking of Holt is that if Trump lies, “that that simply be checked.”

“The thing that concerns us is not the moderator themselves, who have been selected by the commission, because they will be seen as fair and even-handed. What bothers us, Mark, is the very public and very coordinated attempt to game the refs,"" Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway shot back in an interview on MSNBC.

But Conway was soon put in the awkward position of defending Trump’s claim that Holt may be unfair to him because he’s a Democrat and the system is “very unfair.” The “NBC Nightly News” anchor has been a registered Republican in New York since 2003.

“I don’t know that he knew what Lester Holt’s voter registration was,” said Conway, who went on to dodge multiple queries of why Trump lied. “He didn’t lie,” Conway said at one point, explaining that “a lie would mean that he knew the man’s party registration.”

In a presidential cycle that’s seen endless debates about debates, Monday’s theme was conflicting interpretations of what it means to be a moderator. After suggesting a debate with no moderator, Trump has already signaled to Holt that he shouldn’t try to be Candy Crowley, who famously injected herself into the 2012 presidential debate between President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney with a fact-check of the GOP nominee.

But Clinton’s campaign has beat up on Holt’s NBC colleague Matt Lauer, who was widely panned in the media for allowing Trump’s false assertion that he didn’t support the Iraq war go unchecked during a national security forum earlier this month.

View One week of Hillary Clinton fact-checks (September 24, 2016) One week of Hillary Clinton fact-checks (September 24, 2016)

The nonpartisan Commission on Presidential Debates, which selected the debate sites and moderators, weighed in Sunday. “In our history, the moderators have found it appropriate to let the candidates be the ones that talk about the accuracy or the fairness of what the other candidate or candidates might have said,” Janet Brown, the commission’s executive director, told CNN’s “Reliable Sources.”

When it comes to fact-checking, Brown warned, “I don’t think it’s a good idea to get the moderator into essentially serving as the Encyclopedia Britannica.”

For her part, Clinton won’t let Trump’s lies “go by the wayside,” press secretary Brian Fallon told CNN on Monday, insisting that Holt shouldn’t, either.

“There is enough lies that Donald Trump tells consistently that everyone, by now, should be able to call them out,” he said. “Lester Holt, Hillary Clinton will, too, but I think that even the observers and reporters tonight watching that are grading the two candidates’ performances should take it into account. By now, we all know he likes to lie about his record when it comes to the Iraq war, he lies about his support for the intervention in Libya, he lies about who started birtherism, he lies on any different number of issues and he tells them so frequently that we all know them now. If he says them again, that should be disqualifying. He can’t possibly be given a passing grade if he repeats those lies.”

Former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, a paid CNN contributor who is still receiving severance from the Trump campaign, dismissed the idea that a fact-checking moderator is of any concern.

“I think what the concern is from both of the campaigns — and what it should be — is that the moderator is not the person who’s running for president of the United States. So I think you let the candidates debate, you let the candidates answer,” he said. “You can hold people accountable, there’s no question, but I don’t think it’s the role of the moderator to inject themselves in so they’re making themselves part of the debate structure and people are talking about the moderator after the debate.”

Trump’s campaign, including his former aide Lewandowski, also pushed the narrative that Clinton is robotic. That charge was leveled in response to the Clinton camp’s preparation for two Trumps.

“We don’t want Donald Trump’s lies and distortions to be a distraction. We’re hoping that can get checked so that Hillary can focus her time on what she wants to do,” Mook told NBC’s “Today.”

Asked about Clinton’s rules of engagement versus Trump, Mook added that “it just depends on what Donald Trump shows up to the debate, and we just don’t know that.”

View One week of Donald Trump fact-checks (September 24, 2016) One week of Donald Trump fact-checks (September 24, 2016)

But Conway shot down the notion that there’s any other Trump, while echoing the criticism that the former secretary of state lacks human compassion. Lewandowski cast Clinton as a policy wonk whose challenge is “to become human” during the debate, senior communications adviser Jason Miller tweeted that “Overprogramming leads to short circuits,” and Conway joined the pile-on.

“He’s not going to be robotic and scripted. Hillary Clinton is,” Conway said. “And that’s a problem in debates likes this because people want to see a future commander in chief and president of the United States who is nimble and resilient and can answer questions that haven’t been pre-programmed in their head through all this secretive debate prep and mock debates.”

After Mook warned against “a double standard where Donald Trump can get the Most Improved award but Hillary Clinton, you know, is getting judged on the fine points of policy,” Conway added that the two campaign managers “are living in parallel universes.”

“I mean, Donald Trump has been criticized all weekend long. I think that the Clinton campaign has clearly been gaming the refs, has been talking to the media for a week now saying it’s your job to make sure that Donald Trump is fact-checked in real-time,” she said. “I'm just surprised a campaign manager would try to lower expectations that dramatically for his own candidate. But look, they know that campaign debates are not Hillary Clinton's sweet spot. Yes, she's experienced at doing them, but the experience hasn’t necessarily been beneficial.”

Aside from how Holt will moderate, Conway cited pre-written narratives and what she claimed was Clinton’s willingness to say anything to get elected as her top concerns.

“I’m worried that some of the headlines are already written, that they’re conclusions in search of evidence,” Conway said, adding that newspapers and reporters have already begun trying to undercut Trump ahead of the debate.

“What I would ask you all to do is start looking at the Twitter feeds of, quote, objective reporters, particularly our embeds. These are not profiles in courage, and this is not journalism. There are people who cover our campaign who actually just slander our candidate on Twitter,” Conway said. “Ninety-two percent of at least two of our embeds’ tweets are negative towards Donald Trump. Why are they on our campaign plane? Why are they covering our campaign? ... Excuse the Trump campaign if we feel like we can’t get a fair shake from certain people.”

Conway also indicated that Clinton may play the woman card, skewing headlines that take away from the real estate mogul’s performance.

“So if she ends up saying to him, ‘That’s just not true, you’re distorting my record, you’re being mean to a woman,’ and then people will say, ‘He was mean to a woman,’ and the headlines will scream and Twitter will blow up — even if it’s not true,” she said. “So that would be my concern, that he’s not able to get out all of his responses because, as Joe [Scarborough] correctly points out, people are so worried that she’s not a great debater, that she’s not really ready for tonight the way he is, that she’s going to try to interrupt him and confuse the people watching in such a way that he was somehow rude to a woman and he somehow lied on the stage.”

Rudy Giuliani, the former New York mayor and a prominent Trump surrogate, said he had advised Trump to ""just let loose"" and be himself — and not try to compete with Clinton's detailed policy expertise.

""She's been in government since I was a child. I don't remember a time she hasn't been in government in one way or another,"" Giuliani said on ""Fox and Friends."" ""So she's going to have obviously more specific knowledge than he has, but I think he's going to comport himself very, very well, and he's going to be — he's just going to be like you see him on — when he comes here [on Fox News] and when you talk to him on the phone. He's going to be Donald Trump.""

Authors:"
"I’ve watched every presidential debate ever broadcast, including the little-remembered John F. Kennedy-Hubert Humphrey contest just before the 1960 West Virginia primary, and for nearly 40 years I've analyzed how candidates win and lose them. But when I ask myself what kind of strategy I would devise for Hillary Clinton tonight against Donald Trump, I’m pretty much baffled.

The problem is not just the unpredictable (to put it mildly) nature of her opponent. (Will Trump be low-key and calm? Will he attack her honesty? Will he turn on Lester Holt after the first tough question and walk off the stage?) The problem is that almost all of Hillary Clinton’s strengths, in this strange election year, can so easily be turned into her weaknesses—especially her vast experience in government. The more she emphasizes her qualifications, the more Trump is likely to respond with some version of: “You’ve been at the center of power for 25 years? Then you’re one of those who’s created the mess we’re in.” So reciting her work with foreign leaders, for example, and contrasting it with Trump's utter lack of grounding in the world, doesn't seem to be promising.

Story Continued Below

Indeed, this debate offers Trump the chance to perform what I’ve called “political judo”—turning an opponent’s strength against her. (“Yes, Mrs. Clinton, your experience helped drag us into Iraq, and turned Syria, Libya, the whole Middle East into a staging ground for ISIS. Maybe that’s why your husband's CIA director, and Bobby Kennedy’s chief speechwriter, are backing me.”)

Further, there's a sense—a highly limited sense—in which Trump is in something like the position Ronald Reagan was in back in 1980. Among college-educated whites, who have resisted him so far, his task is to use the debates to say, “I'm a reasonable person who knows what's gone wrong and who has the instincts to fix it.” It's a second cousin of the 1980 situation where many voters did not want Carter, but needed reassurance about Reagan, which they got. (There is a limit to this analogy, because for all of her difficulties, Clinton is in a much stronger position than President Carter was).

By contrast, how does she try to gain strength on the issue of “honest and trustworthy”? If Trump can be convinced by his handlers—assuming they exist—to avoid overkill here, all he has to do is to note what the FBI director or the New York Times editorial page has said. She can of course cite chapter and verse on Trump—bankruptcies, Trump University, David Farenthold's expose of his charities in the Washington Post—but those issues are ill-suited, I think, to a face-to-face debate. One of her problems, longstanding, is that the stuff of which campaign collapses are made have been leveled at Trump—and he's still standing.

Does any of this mean that Clinton is facing doom Monday night? No. It does suggest that her campaign should remember what debates do and don’t do, based on a half-century or so of history.

The Focus Is on “Moments”—But They’re Not Always The Key

Ask any political journalist to recite the history of debates, and it would go something like this:

“Nixon looked pale and drawn; Ford prematurely liberated Poland from Soviet Control; Reagan said to Carter ‘there you go again,’ then asked Americans ‘are you better off?’ Four years later, he was incoherent, but then recovered by joking about Mondale’s ‘youth and inexperience.’ Dukakis was insufficiently emotional at the prospect of his wife’s rape and murder. Lloyd Bentsen told Dan Quayle was no Jack Kennedy. George H.W. Bush looked at his watch. Al Gore stalked George W. Bush, who froze him with a nod.”

These are the moments that are played over and over again in the run-up to debates. They illustrate the fact that these events are watched intensely for the quip, the gaffe, the thrust, the parry that can sum up 90 minutes. It’s why debate prep spends an inordinate amount of time trying to come up with punchy, memorable lines—“zingers”—to win the attention and admiration of the audience. (It’s also why the late political journalist Lars Erik-Nelson scornfully said of his colleagues, “You’ve all become theater critics.”)

But in fact, this view of debates is not the whole story. Sometimes, it’s the cumulative effect of the exchanges that can determine who prevails. Look back at the first Romney-Obama debate in 2012. There was no one exchange, no one Obama stumble or Romney answer, that provided the ”aha!” moment that journalists wait for the way hounds wait for the first call of the fox. It was, rather, Obama’s petulant, defensive, sometimes indifferent answers that made even the president’s most ardent supporters believe he had been badly beaten.

The presence of Trump clearly raises the odds that we may see a “moment” unlike any in debate history; that’s clearly what an army of reporters and tens of millions of viewers will be waiting for. But it may just be that it will be the totality of the hour and a half that will persuade a viewer to say: “he seemed pretty reasonable” or “she knows what she’s talking about and he doesn’t.” This has special relevance for Clinton, who, as her longtime friend and one-time aide Patti Solis-Doyle observed, always seems as if she is testing every word before it leaves her mouth. A sustained, relaxed presentation over the course of the debate could be her best weapon against a Trump, whose ability to stay within himself when untethered to a Teleprompter is questionable.

There Are Three Debates, Not One—And That Can Matter A Whole Lot

One key reason why the 1980 Reagan-Carter debate was so important is that it was the only debate between the two. Carter had refused to debate with third-party candidate John Anderson, so Reagan faced off against Anderson on September 21st. When the independent fell below the polling threshold, Carter and Reagan met for the first and last time on October 28th—barely a week before the election.

Every other time, there have been three debates; which has meant there is a chance to make up for a less than successful debut. That’s what happened with Reagan in 1984, and with George W. Bush in 2004; it’s also what happened last time out, when Obama emerged from his daze and outperformed Romney in their two other meetings.

Here, I think, is an opening for Clinton—especially in the town hall meetings, where she should be able to turn a question—and they are usually very lame ""what can you do for my daughter?"" questions—into answers that fuse personal concern with a command both of her proposals, and of Trump’s astonishing inability to remember what he has proposed from one day to the next. The danger for her is channeling her inner Al Gore, who challenged Bush’s commitment to health care by repeatedly demanding: ""What about Dingell-Norwood?"" The opportunity for her is to argue—from experience—that what she has worked for in public life has made the lives of real people better. (Further, the Town Meeting format—with dozens of “real” people as participants—makes the resort to personal insults highly risky).

Trump Is Not the Only One Who Can Deploy Political Judo

The potential for Trump to turn strength into weakness has its roots in the most singularly successful use of political judo. It came in 1992, when independent Ross Perot was asked if voters should be bothered by his lack of experience.

“Well,” he said, “they've got a point. I don't have any experience in running up a $4 trillion debt. I don't have any experience in gridlocked government where nobody takes responsibility for anything and everybody blames everybody else. I don't have any experience in creating the worst public school system in the industrialized world, the most violent, crime-ridden society in the industrialized world.”

Judo, however, can cut both ways. There’s a clear opening for Clinton if Trump were to boast of his leadership skills, and his business success.

“Well, you might be successful, Donald, but we really don’t know because you’re the first presidential candidate ever who won’t show us his taxes. But you know, you should look at the business leaders who support me: Mike Bloomberg, who’s worth four times what you claim to be worth, and who didn’t start with millions from his father, says you’re a con, a fake. So does Marc Cuban, who built his success from the ground up. But I do have to admit—you’re way, way ahead of them in, unpaid workers, fleeced contractors and lawsuits.”

Debates Are NOT Decisive

One last note. It’s easy to assume that the fate of the world is at stake Monday night. A lot of post-election narratives over the years have located debates as the center of the story (“Reagan recovered from his first debate-gaffe and went onto win a landslide.” “Obama was far more effective in the later debates and was re-elected…”). But is correlation really causation? Maybe the economic boom of 1984 has a lot more to do with Reagan winning 49 states; maybe the clear if modest economic recovery played the key role in Obama’s clear if modest popular vote victory.

In their influential 2013 book, The Gamble, political scientists John H. Sides and Lynn Vavreck tried to measure the impact of debates, gaffes, and other “game-changers” with real-time public opinion measurements. What they found was that even a dramatic event like Romney’s first debate performance had a relative small, and relatively short-lived, impact. Compared to the “fundamentals”—economic performance and the ever-growing impact of a polarized electorate—the stuff of which a hundred overwrought post-debate analyses are made may be of only marginal significance.

Of course, this cycle the “fundamentals” point to a very close race. So you’ll probably want to tune in anyway

Jeff Greenfield is a five-time Emmy-winning network television analyst and author."
"Story highlights ""This, though, is certain: too many people have lost their lives who shouldn't have,"" Clinton said

The deaths of black civilians in confrontations with the police has taken center stage in the election

Orlando (CNN) Hillary Clinton kicked off a campaign event Wednesday by saying that the recent police killings of two African-American men that unleashed a national uproar this week are ""unbearable"" and ""intolerable.""

Clinton used those words the day before to describe last week's shooting death of Terence Crutcher in Oklahoma, but revisited the issue Wednesday in light of the death of Keith Lamont Scott in North Carolina. Her comments -- which came at the beginning of a lengthy speech about improving economic opportunities for disabled Americans -- marked her first on-camera remarks on the shootings, which have again sparked a debate about lethal police force.

""There is still much we don't know yet about what happened in both incidents. But we do know that we have two more names to add to a list of African Americans killed by police officers in these encounters,"" Clinton said. ""It's unbearable. And it needs to become intolerable.""

The Democratic nominee added: ""I know I don't have all the answers. I don't know anyone who does. This, though, is certain: too many people have lost their lives who shouldn't have.""

Even as she referred to the deaths as ""two very upsetting incidents,"" Clinton also urged the public against channeling their anger by targeting police officers as she pointed to the protests that unfolded Tuesday night.

Read More"
"“I take great pride in the fact that I am actually offering an alternative,"" Gary Johnson said. | Getty Johnson: 'I’m going to sleep well at the end of all this'

Gary Johnson said a Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump presidency would be deeply flawed and shrugged off the notion that he could play spoiler in a tight presidential contest, despite fears among Democrats, in particular, that he’s snatching votes from Clinton.

“The people voting for me are voting for Gary Johnson,” the Libertarian presidential contender said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week,” with George Stephanopoulos. “I take great pride in the fact that I am actually offering an alternative. … Fifty percent of people that are registering to vote are registering as independents. How is it that we can only have two candidates?”

Story Continued Below

“I’m going to sleep well at the end of all this, giving people a first vote, not a second vote, not a lesser of two evils.”

Clinton’s campaign manager, Robby Mook, who spoke earlier on the same program, shrugged off Johnson’s impact on the race.

“He’s taking votes from both candidates, but your own poll showed that his numbers are — are dropping,” he said, referring to a new Washington Post/ABC News poll that showed Johnson dipping to 5 percent support. “I don’t think that they’re — that either of the third-party candidates are really going to factor into the head-to-head in this race.”

Authors:"
"The U.S. Attorney’s Office in Manhattan is investigating Anthony Weiner’s alleged sexting with a minor, according to two officials briefed on the case.

An inquiry was opened, although no formal complaint has been filed. Federal officials have issued a subpoena for Weiner’s cell phone records.

Federal prosecutors will not confirm nor deny the existence of an investigation, per Justice Department policy. The investigation was first reported yesterday by the Daily Mail.

Asked for comment at an unrelated press conference, New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo said, ""If the reports are true, it's possibly criminal and it is sick. And frankly, I’ve heard enough about Anthony Weiner and I think that goes for all New Yorkers."""
"11.7k SHARES SHARE THIS STORY

The Senate reconvened this week as Democrats introduced a transparency in Presidential candidates bill that would force Donald Trump to release his tax returns, if Republicans would only be willing to face everything their racist nominee has done in his business career:

Democrats are backing legislation from Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) that would require presidential candidates to release their tax returns within 15 days of receiving the party’s nomination. It would also require the FEC would release the documents after 30 days, if a candidate did not. “We’re going to be here next week. We’re probably going to have some downtime,” Sen.Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) told reporters. “There’s no reason we couldn’t vote.”

Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and her husband the former President Bill Clinton have both disclosed over 30 years worth of tax returns, and all of the Clinton Foundation’s returns too. In fact, since 1976 only one candidate has refused to release tax returns, and in that election Republican Gerald Ford kept his taxes secret, and left the Oval Office after losing to Democrat Jimmy Carter.

In the 2012 election, Democratic Senate leader Harry Reid voraciously and publicly called out Republican nominee Mitt Romney for only releasing two years of tax returns, saying that he was hiding his returns for over a decade and that the candidate had paid a very low or no tax on his income whatsoever. He was right!

But America only found out just one week before the election, long after the start of early voting and absentee ballot mailing, when Bloomberg News published a definitive article on Romney’s taxes, which showed a huge income and no tax paid, validating the Democrat’s numerous public statements. According to The Hill:

Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), who has called out the GOP presidential nominee nearly every day recently, added Thursday that Trump is “ethically compromised” and the “king of the welfare kings.”

Ironically, Romney’s father George Romney was a Republican candidate for President before him, and started the tradition of American politicians disclosing their financial details when running to become Commander in Chief.

American voters deserve to know what’s inside Republican nominee Donald Trump’s tax returns, to make the most informed votes possible. Because we all know every last detail about Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s finances and personal history, but outside of lying, racism and narcissistic self-love, the orange-faced one is still a mystery.

Add your name to millions demanding that Congress take action on the President’s crimes. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP!"
"Story highlights Trump reportedly used $258,000 from his charity to pay off settlements in a pair of lawsuits

""It is important that charitable funds be used for charitable purposes,"" Sander Levin wrote to the IRS

Washington (CNN) Michigan Democratic Rep. Sander Levin called on the IRS Wednesday to audit The Trump Foundation, following a report that the billionaire used charity money to pay off legal settlements.

""It is important that charitable funds be used for charitable purposes, rather than promote the business ventures of those affiliated with the charity. I therefore request an immediate audit of the Donald J. Trump Foundation,"" Levin wrote in a letter to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen

The Washington Post reported earlier this week that Trump used $258,000 from his charity to pay off settlements in a pair of lawsuits. The Post reported that Trump used the charity to pay for a $100,000 settlement with the city of Palm Beach in 2007 and used another $158,000 from his charity to settle a lawsuit filed in 2011 about a hole-in-one claim at a charity golf tournament.

The revelation immediately drew accusations from Democrats of Trump self-dealing. Messages left with the Trump campaign and the IRS were not immediately returned Wednesday.

But New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, a top Trump surrogate, warned Hillary Clinton's campaign Wednesday of using the allegations against the Trump Foundation for a political attack.

Read More"
"Friday morning around 4:00, three men – some of whom were armed – barged in through one of the doors of an Atlanta resident’s house. The resident’s co-worker was over for work-related reasons, and when she heard the commotion, she sprung into action, wielding a handgun.

The whole episode was caught on surveillance camera that was set up inside the house. The resident’s co-worker unloaded all the rounds from her gun into the intruders’ direction, sending all three of them out the door. One of the intruders even jumped through a glass door. Two intruders are still on the loose, and a third one died from his gunshot wounds in the driveway.

After the gunfight, the homeowner can be seen calming down his housemate and taking the gun away.

In an interview with Channel 2, Gwinnett County Cpl. Dean Washington reacted to the incident: “She exercised her right to defend her livelihood and property.” He added: “It’s not common that we receive this caliber of surveillance video showing the crime unfold, an actual home invasion.”

Washington hopes that the surveillance video will also lead to their being able to capture the two remaining suspects: “They’re not wearing anything on their faces so we’re highly anticipating someone watching the evening newscast will recognize these people.”

See the surveillance footage here:

The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com"
"""He didn't ask her about a lot of things she should have been asked about,"" Donald Trump said about Lester Holt. | Getty Post-debate, Trump team hits moderator Holt for 'some hostile questions'

Donald Trump and his campaign complained Tuesday morning that debate moderator Lester Holt targeted him for unfair questioning while neglecting to ask Hillary Clinton about any of her various scandals.

“They were leaving all of her little goodies out. They didn't ask her about, you know, much,” Trump said on Fox News’s “Fox and Friends.” “But I was asked about my tax returns, which I've told about 500 times. But, you know, I think I did — I think I really did well when we were asked normal questions. I think I did really well in answering those questions, but those questions are not answerable in a positive light.”

Story Continued Below

Still, Trump was upbeat overall about the debate, which he said “went really well” despite “some hostile questions.” The Manhattan billionaire gave Holt a C+ for his performance as moderator, praising him for his issue-based questions in the first 45 minutes of the debate but attacking him as biased for a series of more direct questions about a housing discrimination lawsuit filed against Trump’s real estate company in the 1970s, even though it was Clinton who brought up the Justice Department lawsuit.

“I didn’t think he did a bad job. You know, when you look at it, you watch the last four questions, he hit me on birther, he hit he on a housing deal from many years ago that I settled with no recourse and no guilt. He asked me about that,” Trump said. “That's a beauty to be asked, you know, 40-year-old lawsuit, or older. I just hate to say it’s older because then you’ll know, then [Fox News anchor Ainsley Earhardt] will say “’Wow I didn’t know Trump was that old.’ Hey, she’ll be unimpressed.”

“Well, he didn't ask her about the emails at all. He didn't ask her about her scandals. He didn't ask her about the Benghazi deal that she destroyed,” he said. “He didn't ask her about a lot of things she should have been asked about. I mean, you know, there's no question about it. He didn't ask about her foundation.”

Attacking Holt became a running theme from Trump's campaign Tuesday morning, as both his running mate and campaign manager took to the morning shows to criticize the moderator.

""I was disappointed that Lester did not get into some of the issues that had been in so much of the forefront of Hillary Clinton’s candidacy – the FBI investigation, pay to play, the whole disastrous events that took place in Benghazi and Libya – that never came up,"" GOP vice presidential candidate Mike Pence said on Good Morning America.

Trump's campaign manager Kellyanne Conway took a similar line, saying on CNN Tuesday that there were topics she wished Holt would have raised.

“I just would have liked to have heard more about Benghazi or e-mails or the Clinton foundation since these are very clearly in the news,"" she said. ""You know, one of our guests last night was Mark Geist, not Mark Cuban, Mark Geist, who's a Benghazi hero and survivor. And You know, he was within several feet or yards of them and I think it's a good reminder to be Americans of what her record is on that particular issue.""

While the Republican nominee insisted that he had outperformed Clinton at the debate, he said that he struggled throughout the night with a defective microphone that made him difficult to hear for the audience in the debate hall. Trump suggested that perhaps his microphone, which he said worked perfectly earlier in the day, had been tampered with.

“I had a problem with a microphone that didn't work. I don’t know if you saw that in the room, but my microphone was terrible. I wonder, was it set up that way on purpose,” he said. “My microphone, in the room they couldn't hear me, you know, it was going on and off. Which isn't exactly great. I wonder if it was set up that way, but it was terrible.”

Asked if Clinton had successfully managed to get under his skin during their 90-minute back-and-forth, Trump said she had not until the end of the debate, when the former secretary of state brought up Miss Universe winner Alicia Machado, who Trump called “Miss Piggy” and “Miss Housekeeping” because of her Latin heritage. Addressing Trump directly about the name-calling, Clinton said, “Donald, she has a name. Her name is Alicia Machado. And she has become a US citizen and you can bet she is going to vote this November.""

“I know that person, that person was a Miss Universe person, and she was the worst we ever had. The worst, the absolute worst. She was impossible, and she was a Miss Universe contestant and ultimately a winner who they had a tremendously difficult time with as Miss Universe,” he said. “She was the winner, and, you know, she gained a massive amount of weight, and it was a real problem. We had a real problem. Not only that, her attitude, and we had a real problem with her, so Hillary went back into the years and she found this girl. This was many years ago, and found the girl and talked about her like she was mother Teresa and it wasn't quite that way, but that's okay. Hillary has to do what she has to do.”

Authors:"
"One Critically Wounded As Charlotte Police Endure Second Night Of RIOTS… [VIDEO]

In a second night of violent protests in Charlotte, North Carolina after a black police officer shot and killed an armed, black suspect, Keith Lamont Scott, things are spiraling out of control and the governor has declared an emergency there. One protester is clinging to life by a thread after being critically wounded by a protester who shot into the crowd randomly. He was hit in the head and is on life support.

Three other protesters and four officers were wounded in the chaos. I even heard that protesters tried to throw a reporter into a fire. I also saw white people in their cars with guns for protection. I can’t say that I blame them. The NASCAR Hall of Fame and many other businesses were hit by vandals during all of this. The National Guard has now arrived to help fight the increasing violence in Charlotte.

From the Daily Mail:

National Guard troops have arrived in Charlotte after a protest turned violent on Wednesday night. A state of emergency has been declared in response to the chaos that has taken over the North Carolina city, two days after a father-of-seven was shot dead by a police officer. One of the demonstrators was shot in the head outside the Omni Hotel and is fighting for his life. At least three other protesters and four police officers were also taken to hospital after they were injured in the riot. A cameraman and reporter for WCNC-TV were also attacked while a CNN correspondent was body-slammed during a live broadcast. It was the second night of unrest following the deadly shooting of Keith Lamont Scott by black cop, Brentley Vinson, on Tuesday afternoon. Police insist he was armed, but family members maintain he was only reading a book when he was gunned down next to his car. Many businesses and buildings, including the NASCAR Hall of Fame, were hit by vandals and looters. Major companies with offices in the downtown area – including Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Duke Energy – all told employees to stay away from the area Thursday. Charlotte Mayor Jennifer Roberts is considering putting a curfew in place in a bid to control the disorder.

A number of black people defended the police officers, but there were far more that wanted to get their violence on there. A cameraman and reporter for WCNC-TV was attacked, while a CNN correspondent was body-slammed during a live broadcast.

On Thursday morning, hotel and restaurant employees and security guards started cleaning up dozens of broken windows after protesters smashed buildings and painted the slogan ‘Black Lives Matter’ on walls. Demonstrators were also seen breaking into a convenience store and a shop that sells merchandise for the NBA franchise, the Charlotte Hornets. Others set fire to trash cans. Some protesters expressed anger at the lawlessness exhibited by fellow demonstrators. One woman was heard shouting, “Stop – that’s not what this is about,” as young men broke bottles in the street.

After a black man shot another protester, demonstrators began throwing bottles, dirt clods and fireworks at the officers. The police fired flash grenades and then tear gas back, dispersing the crowd of several hundred. Protesters responded by hurling trash cans and potted plants.

A riot is an uncontrollable beast… once you unleash it, it takes on a life of its own and the message is usually lost in the violence and chaos that ensues. I fear this is another step in a race war and all out chaos in our streets. Russia must be smiling.

Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com"
"Rouhani: Iran deal able to weather the election

Iranian President Hassan Rouhani on Wednesday expressed confidence that the landmark nuclear deal between his country and a group of world powers will be able to weather the volatile U.S. election season.

MSNBC's Chuck Todd asked Rouhani whether he'd rather work with Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump, citing comments they've made on the nuclear deal. Rouhani said, ""Of course, throughout the atmosphere of presidential elections in the United States, candidates can bring up any topic that they see best suits the needs of their campaigns. But the reality remains that when the joint comprehensive plan of action was passed based on the United Nations Security Council resolution 2231, and it was approved unanimously, that became an international agreement.""

Story Continued Below

Trump has repeatedly criticized the Iran nuclear deal, calling it a ""bad deal"" and previously said he would tear it up. He's also called the Obama administration incompetent over it.

Clinton, on the other hand, has said she would respect the deal, yet be cautious in dealing with Iran, in what's come to be known as her ""distrust and verify"" strategy.

""No one can say here or there that I don't accept this agreement, I want to renegotiate it. This has purely an electoral effect for some,"" Rouhani said.

Authors:"
"Donald Trump was in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Thursday for a campaign speech. He took time to address the unrest around the country in the wake of recent officer-involved shootings. Here’s what he said:

“Before going any further today, I want to address the turmoil unfolding right now in our country. And it seems to be a never-ending problem. America desperately needs unity, and it needs the spirit of togetherness, that has not only gotten us through our toughest times – because we’ve had some tough times – but which has lifted us up in the past to our greatest achievements as a nation.

“Everyday I see people of different backgrounds working together for common good, and we need to bring that spirit to every part of our country and become one American nation, united by shared values and principles as American citizens. We have to do it. And we have to respect our flag. We have to respect our flag.

“We all have to walk a mile in someone else’s shoes and see things through their eyes, and then get to work fixing our very wounded country. We have some real problems. And we do have a wounded country.

“Many Americans are watching the unrest in Charlotte unfolding right before their eyes on the TV screen. Others are witnessing the chaos and the violence firsthand. Our country looks bad to the world, especially when we are supposed to be the world’s leader. How can we lead when we can’t even control our own cities?

“We honor and recognize the right of all Americans to peacefully assemble, protest, and demonstrate. But there is no right to engage in violent disruption or to threaten the public safety and peace of others.

“Every single American in our country is entitled to live in a safe community. The violence against our citizens and our law enforcement must be brought to a very rapid end.

“The people who will suffer the most as a result of these riots are law-abiding African-American residents who live in these communities where the crime is so rampant. It’s their jobs, housing market, schools, economic conditions that will suffer. And the first duty of government is to protect their wellbeing and safety. We have to do that.

“There is no compassion in tolerating lawless conduct. Crime and violence is an attack on the poor and will never be accepted in a Trump administration.

“Our job is not to make life more comfortable for the violent disrupter, but to make life more comfortable for the African-American parent trying to raise their kids in peace, to walk their children to school and get their children great educations. We have to cherish and protect those people.”

The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com"
"""Donald, you’re a sniveling coward,"" Ted Cruz said in March. | Getty 9 times Ted Cruz insulted Donald Trump before endorsing him

Two months after he was booed off the stage at the Republican National Convention for snubbing his party’s presidential nominee, Sen. Ted Cruz endorsed Donald Trump on Friday.

That declaration to vote for him, though, comes after the Texas senator openly disparaged his primary opponent repeatedly — in part responding to Trump’s attacks on his wife and father.

Story Continued Below

1. Early on, Cruz speculated that Trump’s tax returns could show a mob connection

In February, Cruz offered his take on why Trump hadn’t released his tax returns in an interview on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” suggesting that they might show “Donald's business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.”

“The fact that Donald seems terrified to release his taxes suggests that there’s a bombshell there,” Cruz said. “It’s natural to wonder, ‘Well, what is it that he's hiding in his taxes?’”

2. In March, Cruz called him a “sniveling coward”

Speaking to a group of reporters in Dane, Wisconsin, after Trump made a comment promising to “spill the beans” on the senator’s wife, Cruz pointed his finger and said, “Donald, you’re a sniveling coward. Leave Heidi the hell alone.”

“It’s not easy to tick me off. I don’t get angry often, but you mess with my wife, you mess with my kids, that’ll do it every time,” Cruz said.

3. He also called Trump a “big, loud New York bully”

“Let me be absolutely clear: Our spouses and our children are off bounds,” Cruz said . “It is not acceptable for a big, loud New York bully to attack my wife.”

4. Also, “a small and petty man who is intimidated by strong women”

Trump’s attacks, Cruz suggested , were actions of “a small and petty man who is intimidated by strong women.”

5. Cruz called one of Trump’s theories “nuts” and “just kooky”

In May, after Trump cited a National Enquirer report that alleged Cruz’s father may have had some involvement in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, Cruz addressed reporters in Evansville, Indiana: “This morning, Donald Trump went on national television and attacked my father. Donald Trump alleges that my dad was involved in assassinating JFK. Now, let’s be clear, this is nuts. This is not a reasonable position. This is just kooky.”

6. He also called him a “pathological liar” who “lies practically every word that comes out of his mouth”

Also in Indiana, on the same day the state's voters would deliver a decisive victory to Trump, Cruz added : “I’m gonna tell you what I really think of Donald Trump: This man is a pathological liar. He doesn’t know the difference between truth and lies. He lies practically every word that comes out of his mouth, and in a pattern that I think is straight out of a psychology textbook, his response is to accuse everybody else of lying.”

7. And Cruz was specific with the term “pathological”: Trump is “utterly amoral,” he said

“I say pathological because I actually think Donald, if you hooked him up to a lie detector test, he could say one thing in the morning, one thing at noon and one thing in the evening, all contradictory and he’d pass the lie detector test each time. Whatever lie he’s telling, at that minute he believes it, but the man is utterly amoral,” Cruz said .

8. And, while he was at it, Cruz accused him of narcissism and being a “serial philanderer”

Continuing to unload in Indiana, Cruz offered : “He combines [dishonesty] with being a narcissist, a narcissist at a level I don’t think this country’s ever seen. Donald Trump is such a narcissist that Barack Obama looks at him and says, ‘Dude, what’s your problem?’’’

And: “Donald Trump is a serial philanderer, and he boasts about it. This is not a secret. He’s proud of being a serial philanderer.”

9. In July, Cruz still hadn’t forgiven Trump for the attacks on his family

“I am not in the habit of supporting people who attack my wife and attack my father,” Cruz said, answering questions at a Texas delegation breakfast at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland and facing backlash for not yet endorsing Trump.

Referring to his pledge to support his party’s nominee, Cruz said that statement “was not a blanket commitment that if you slander and attack Heidi I'm going to nonetheless go like a servile puppy dog"" and support him.

Authors:"
"Critical Counties is a CNN series exploring 11 counties around the country that chief national correspondent John King has identified as key in the 2016 election. These counties could play an outsize role in the election and offer an instructive example of what the political parties have accomplished. Wake County is the fourth county in the series, which runs through Election Day. Explore the other critical counties.

Washington (CNN)

Few counties could prove more decisive in this election than Wake County, North Carolina.

A historically competitive county whose fortunes are on the rise, Wake could help deliver Hillary Clinton a win in a key battleground state -- or dash her hopes for the presidency. Simply put, if Clinton performs well in the highly educated research triangle, then election night bodes well for her. If Wake County doesn't come out for Clinton, Donald Trump's path to the White House would grow much clearer.

The county is rapidly expanding, and the influx of new people and industries could reshape the race. Meanwhile, the turmoil across the state in Charlotte after a police officer shot and killed a black man could add another focal point in the election — search data from Google Trends shows Wake County's spiking interest in ""police brutality"" this week.

Keep your eye on Wake County, and take a look at the fundamentals below.

Population

Wake County is fairly representative of the country in terms of race and ethnicity, but it has a more highly educated population, bigger incomes and a better job picture than the rest of the nation.

Read More"
"Obama wears hat, breaking ‘Politics 101’ rule on headgear

President Barack Obama violated the longstanding, albeit unofficial, rule against presidential headgear on Monday when he accepted a hat and blanket at the White House Tribal Nations Conference.

The president was given the hat and blanket by Native American leaders as he took the stage ahead of remarks at the conference. He wore the blanket around his shoulders as a song was played in his honor, but took the hat off after just a few moments.

Story Continued Below

“What an amazing honor and what a kind gesture, for the honor song and the blanket and the hat,” Obama said once he took the podium. “I have to say that I am very glad that you also have a blanket for Michelle so she doesn’t steal mine. She would, too. I’m just saying.”

“That was very moving, and is a reminder of the great friendships that we’ve developed over the last eight years,” he added.

The unofficial rule against presidents wearing unusual hats is widely credited to Democratic presidential nominee Michael Dukakis, whose decision to wear a tank-commander’s helmet during a ride in an M1A1 Abrams Main Battle Tank has been widely ridiculed to this day.

Obama himself acknowledged the rule during a 2013 visit from the Naval Academy’s football team, which presented him with one of its helmets.

“Here’s the general rule: You don’t put stuff on your head if you’re president,” Obama said, explaining his refusal to put on the helmet that had been fitted for him. “That’s Politics 101. You never look good wearing something on your head.”

Authors:"
"Hillary Clinton said this year's election will impact the next 50 years of America. | AP Photo Clinton: ‘The next 50 days will determine the next 50 years’

Hillary Clinton on Tuesday warned that the nearly 50-day sprint to Election Day will impact far more than just the next four or eight years.

Making an appeal to black voters during an interview on the “Steve Harvey Morning Show,” Clinton stressed that voters can’t sit this one out.

Story Continued Below

“Every issue they care about is at stake in this election,” Clinton said. “This is not: ‘Oh, you know, a little here, a little there. We can — you know, we can take it, no matter who wins.’ No. The next 50 days will determine the next 50 years, and I say that absolutely seriously.”

The former secretary of state said she hopes everyone is registered to vote and directed listeners to a website to find out whether they’re registered “because I need you.”

“We gotta stand up and be counted in this election,” she added.

Clinton’s comments come after President Barack Obama made an appeal on Clinton's and his own behalf in an address to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation on Saturday.

“My name may not be on the ballot, but our progress is on the ballot,” Obama said. “Tolerance is on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot. Justice is on the ballot. Good schools are on the ballot. Ending mass incarceration, that’s on the ballot right now.”

But up next on the docket is the first presidential debate between Clinton and Trump on Monday in New York, where the former senator expects to absorb a bunch of body blows from an aggressive foe.

“I am going to do my very best to communicate as clearly and fearlessly as I can in the face of the insults and the attacks and the bullying and bigotry that we’ve seen coming from my opponent,” she said. “You know, I can take it, Steve. I can take that kind of stuff. I’ve been at this and, you know, I understand it’s a contact sport.”

What Clinton won’t take, though, is any insults toward anyone else. “You know, his attacks on African-Americans and immigrants and Muslims and women and people with disabilities, it’s just — it’s just something we cannot tolerate,” she said.

As Clinton wrapped up her interview, Trump taunted her on Twitter: “Hillary Clinton is taking the day off again, she needs the rest. Sleep well Hillary — see you at the debate!”

Authors:"
"I was a Democrat all my life. I came to Washington to serve President John Kennedy and Attorney General Robert Kennedy. When the president was murdered and his brother struck off on his own, I joined his Senate campaign and staff as his legislative assistant and speechwriter, until his presidential campaign ended with his own assassination. I ran on a (losing) Democratic ticket in the New York state elections of 1970. When I was working to enact my own program of police reform in the 1980s and 1990s, then-Governor Bill Clinton was chairman of my National Committee for the Police Corps.

This year, I will vote to elect Donald Trump as president of the United States.

Story Continued Below

So profound a change, and a decent respect for old friendships, requires me to deliver a public accounting for this decision.

Here it is. John and Robert Kennedy devoted their greatest commitments and energies to the prevention of war and the preservation of peace. To them that was not an abstract formula but the necessary foundation of human life. But today’s Democrats have become the Party of War: a home for arms merchants, mercenaries, academic war planners, lobbyists for every foreign intervention, promoters of color revolutions, failed generals, exploiters of the natural resources of corrupt governments. We have American military bases in 80 countries, and there are now American military personnel on the ground in about 130 countries, a remarkable achievement since there are only 192 recognized countries. Generals and admirals announce our national policies. Theater commanders are our principal ambassadors. Our first answer to trouble or opposition of any kind seems always to be a military movement or action.

Nor has the Democratic Party candidate for president this year, Hillary Clinton, sought peace. Instead she has pushed America into successive invasions, successive efforts at “regime change.” She has sought to prevent Americans from seeking friendship or cooperation with President Vladimir Putin of Russia by characterizing him as “another Hitler.” She proclaims herself ready to invade Syria immediately after taking the oath of office. Her shadow War Cabinet brims with the architects of war and disaster for the past decades, the neocons who led us to our present pass, in Iraq, in Afghanistan, Syria, Libya, Yemen, in Ukraine, unrepentant of all past errors, ready to resume it all with fresh trillions and fresh blood. And the Democrats she leads seem intent on worsening relations with Russia, for example by sending American warships into the Black Sea, or by introducing nuclear weapons ever closer to Russia itself.

In fact, in all the years of the so-called War on Terror, only one potential American president has had the intelligence, the vision, the sheer sanity to see that America cannot fight the entire world at once; who sees that America’s natural and necessary allies in this fight must include the advanced and civilized nations that are most exposed and experienced in their own terror wars, and have the requisite military power and willingness to use it. Only one American candidate has pointed out how senseless it is to seek confrontation with Russia and China, at the same time that we are trying to suppress the very jihadist movements that they also are attacking.

That candidate is Donald Trump. Throughout this campaign, he has said that as president, he would quickly sit down with President Putin and seek relaxation of tensions between our nations, and possible collaboration in the fight against terrorists. On this ground alone, he marks himself as greatly superior to all his competitors, earlier in the primaries and now in the general election.

It must also be said: Mr. Trump is an imperfect candidate, and he would surely be an imperfect president. He is crude, often vulgar. He has areas of great ignorance. He insults people and inflicts unnecessary harm. He would be twice the candidate he is if he used half the words. He is often intemperate; though it is not Trump but his opponent who is so intemperate as to compare Putin’s moves in Ukraine to what Hitler did—an insult that throughout all the Cold War and to this day, no American president has ever offered to any Soviet or Russian leader, not even the enormous butcher Josef Stalin, with whom in fact we joined to win the Second World War. And it is not Mr. Trump but Michael Morell, a former CIA director now high in the councils of the Democratic candidate, who has publicly suggested, without rebuke from anyone, that we should begin “killing Russians,” a doubly illegal act of war.

Moreover Trump marks himself as a man of singular political courage, willing to defy the hysteria of the Washington war hawks, the establishment and the mainstream media who daily describe him as virtually anti-American for daring to voice ideas and opinions at variance with their one-note devotion to war.

***

John Kennedy admired political courage. He began his first campaign for Congress at the height of the Cold War by saying, “Above all, day and night, with every ounce of ingenuity and industry we possess, we must work for peace. We must not have another war.” Years later, in the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962, he and his brother had to overcome great opposition from their own military commanders, government officials and other public leaders, to prevent a war with the Soviet Union: there were 13 men in the ExComm room, and Robert Kennedy said that had any 1 of 8 of them been president, the crisis would have exploded in nuclear war.

But within a year thereafter, deeply affected by the barely-averted catastrophe, President Kennedy had forged a close working relationship with Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev, spoke all over the country to promote peace policies, and delivered his historic American University speech of 1963. Our “strategy of peace,” he said, was “not a Pax Americana enforced on the world by American weapons of war.” Rather it must be founded on negotiation, cooperation in areas of mutual interest, and recognition that “our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this small planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children’s future. And we are all mortal.” As to our great adversary the Soviet Union, he said, “we must reexamine our own attitude—as individuals and as a nation—for our attitude is as essential as theirs.”

Six months later he was dead; and it was Robert Kennedy who must resume the effort. Robert Kennedy made ratification of the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty the early centerpiece of his Senate career. But as President Lyndon Johnson escalated the war in Vietnam, it was that war which forced Robert Kennedy to make his doomed race for the presidency. Wherever he campaigned in 1968, to virtually every audience, he spoke of the loss, the horror, the infinite tragedy of that war, in words that could be and must be repeated today, after 15 consecutive years of wars all over the world.

“Our brave young men,” he said, “are dying in the swamps of Southeast Asia. Which of them might have written a poem? Which of them might have cured cancer? Which of them might have played in a World Series or given us the gift of laughter from the stage or helped build a bridge or a university? Which of them would have taught a child to read? It is our responsibility to let these men live ... It is indecent if they die because of the empty vanity of their country.”

He also urged that we consider the Vietnamese mother, desperately trying to shield her baby from the fire from the sky, sent by machines from a country she could barely understand. He demanded of his colleagues, on the Senate floor, to answer what gave us the right to destroy remote villages on the other side of the world, to arrogate to ourselves the power of God, the rule of life and death over others. “All this is our responsibility,” he said, “not just a nation’s responsibility but yours and mine.”

John and Robert Kennedy were no pacifists, nor ignorant of the realities of power. But they required that great power be used with great precision and restraint, and with humility. Both knew that their own lives were hostage to the possibility of assassination, yet they kept trying to guide us toward peace up to the moments of their death.

The legacy of JFK & RFK is “being abandoned by today’s Democratic Party.”

Theirs is the legacy that is being abandoned by today’s Democratic Party. We have broken one Middle Eastern nation after another. Hundreds of cities and villages lie in ruins, hundreds of thousands are dead, millions are refugees; and, for all the press and political thundering against the menace of ISIS, Al Qaeda, or Islamic terrorism generally, our military leaders offer no prospects of victory. They cannot tell us what victory would require or mean; though they are quick to assure us, as in Libya today, that this conflict will go on indefinitely. They cannot even explain how some of our current allies (example Turkey) are bombing and shelling others of our purported allies (example the Kurds). So a Democratic administration, carrying on the work of the Bush presidency, without thought and without question, year after year, has kept sending more young men and women into the grinder.

Scores of Democratic elected officials once spoke and worked tirelessly to end our disastrous war in Vietnam. Today there is only the voice of the marvelous Democratic member of Congress Tulsi Gabbard, a reservist who has twice deployed to Iraq and knows of what she speaks. And it is a Democratic president who sends an endless parade of drones to nations all over the world, flaunting for all to see America’s unique military technology, coupled with our seeming complete carelessness in how that technological prowess destroys people and nations.

Most amazing of all, however, is that as we proclaim that the terrorists threaten Europe, threaten the United States, threaten Western civilization itself—as we face all this, we do not concentrate our military might against this unique threat.

Where are we sending our warriors, our ships, our planes? Why to Russia, which the U.S. general who commands NATO has announced is the prime “existential” threat to America. As you read this, ground, air and naval forces of NATO, led and largely paid for by the United States, have been moving about the Western borders of Russia, carrying out the largest military maneuvers since World War II. At the same time, our most powerful carriers and naval air forces have been steaming about the South China Sea, there perhaps to find encounters of unknowable potential with the rising forces of China, our second said to be “existential” enemy.

There are no Russian terrorists ravaging France or Italy or America. ISIS is not to be found on Russian soil. The only Russian terrorists who have attacked the West are the Islamists whom President Putin first asked us to join in the fight against in 1999. The only Chinese terrorists are Uighurs who are attacking not us but China itself. It would seem elementary common sense that America would have long since sought, not to fight with Russia and China, but to cooperate with both to suppress the terrorists and the terrorism that have plagued us for over a generation, including the ISIS that is terrorizing Europe today.

Former Defense Secretary William Perry, a Democrat, warns that we are now, today, “on the threshold of a new Cold War. ... a new nuclear arms race. ... the likelihood of a nuclear catastrophe is actually greater than it was during the Cold War.”

Surely the wars and threats of war already on our horizon would be more than enough for any empire; and our empire, as every thoughtful person knows, is already staggering under the immeasurable loads of debt piled up by America, by our governments, our corporations, our households, our students, and our promises of unlimited benefits in the future. The years of constant combat have exhausted our military. False hopes and vain promises of victory have burnt up the caches of idealism and patriotic commitment with which we began the wars a generation ago. Our forces are worn out, especially the elite warrior units that have been constantly deployed for more than a decade.

But, ominously, there is more to come, more that already stares us in the face. The dire events of this summer have shown us the true danger that lurks here at home. This is not a danger imported from Syria or Iraq or Russia. Our greatest menace is the danger of our own history, our inheritance to the latest day.

For the fact is that while we chased a chimera of peace and justice in lands far from our own, imposing ourselves and our concepts on strangers who rejected our teachings, we were neglecting our own country and our own people, our own neighbors, our own children and our own friends. And now we can see the result. The violence we took to other countries bounces back to our own. The money we squandered on bombs in Iraq was not available for our own schools. The brilliant young men and women, who gave up their bodies and their lives on distant battlefields, were not here to teach and mentor and guide the young people of the ghetto. They were not here to police the mean streets, to suppress and eliminate the crime that is the greatest cause of poverty. They were not here to bring the protection and the blessings of the American Constitution to the least among us. They were not here to protect American cities and enrich American lives.

And they were not here to keep Americans and American children from murdering American police officers. This is our true present danger.

***

So my hope for America is this. First, we must begin immediately to end our involvement in endless, unnecessary and therefore murderous wars. We need our best young people to help us here at home. We need to stop the reckless military spending on more destructive armaments. We need to breathe free again.

We must and will defend civilized order against its deadly enemies. ISIS and its brethren must be eliminated: no quarter, no hesitation. But we will need to engage all civilized peoples in our mutual defense. We must abandon foolish skirmishes and petty jealousies. We must end our reflexive efforts to dominate other developed nations, especially Russia and China.

President Kennedy told us over and over that our own peace and security, in this dangerous world, would depend upon peaceful and cooperative relations with Russia and the Russian people; indeed, at the end of his presidency, Ronald Reagan said the same. Fools in Washington, intent on world domination, would have us ignore that wisdom now. But it is the wisdom that we need to preserve the world and our children’s future.

Second, we must at the same time begin to recover our domestic peace. There are many ills to be cured, many shortcomings to be righted.

But nothing can be accomplished in the midst of a war against police, an insurrection against the Constitution itself. Our clear priority is reinforcement of our police and police departments. We need many more and better police. We need them to be better trained, not as warriors but as shepherds, as leaders and teachers of the young, as peacemakers in communities that have not known real peace for many years. We need our very best young people, not getting their legs blown off by IEDs in Afghanistan, but saving all of our lives in St. Louis and Chicago and Detroit and Baton Rouge and all the other wasted places in our own land.

Donald Trump has been mocked mercilessly for saying, “America first.” But to demand that all the actions of government, at home or abroad, be first directed at the interests and well-being of our own country is not old-fashioned or outmoded. Rather it represents the deepest wisdom and tradition of American statesmen from the founders on. Only with a clear vision of what is truly in the interests of our nation and our fellow citizens, and a full commitment to those interests, can we act wisely at home and in the world beyond.

Finally, our president has told us we must lower our voices. Of course we do not hope for domestic discord. But the people of the United States have perhaps stood silent for too long. The elites of opinion and government have not hesitated to offer us instruction, from the heights of their power and eminence. These are the people who have led us into useless foreign war and limitless domestic disaster. This president tells us that we must now spend another trillion dollars on new nuclear weapons systems, and when we ask who will be the target for these world-destroying weapons, says only, “There can be no business as usual with Russia.”

Surely he must have misspoken, for anyone can see we are on a course of madness. We simply cannot fight the entire world, Russia and China and all the nations of the Mideast, and fight a war at home all at the same time.

And therefore we citizens must not be silent, we must speak as with one great overwhelming voice, a voice as powerful as Washington, as Jefferson, as Lincoln, as Martin Luther King:

Return to the wisdom of the founders, who fought necessary wars to defend the Union, but sought no foreign conquests.

Do not step over the threshold of a new Cold War, a new nuclear arms race with Russia and China, but seek to enlist them in common ventures to resist the forces of terror and chaos that threaten all civilization.

Commit to our own domestic peace and security, rather than persist in a vain effort to control the lives and affairs of 200 foreign nations.

This, as I understand it, is the platform of Donald Trump. It was not the Republican Party platform, and he had to overcome much opposition within his party to gain the nomination. But it is his platform. It is the platform he has restated again and again, with determination, and with the courage and persistence to outlast his critics. It is a platform that, even in these troubled days, could fulfill the hopes of the greatest Americans of all parties.

Well may we seek reassurance whether Mr. Trump has the kind of cool judgment and self-possession that the presidency requires; the judgment that comes to the fore in crisis, that saves a nation or perhaps a world. No one can ever truly know how a future president will react to such enormous pressures. But Trump has given some evidence. He set himself a unique course toward the office, disdaining conventional wisdom, speaking more truth about politics and about America than any conventional consultant or adviser thought prudent or wise. And yet it is his independence, his willingness to name facts however unpleasant, together with his great political courage, that can give us hope and even some confidence that he may be up to the job. Perhaps most important, he has proven that he is not intimidated by the generals and admirals who have up to this day had their unimpeded way with our wars and our budgets, to the immense loss of both.

Flawed as he may be, Trump is telling more of the truth than politicians of our day. Most important, he offers a path away from constant war, a path of businesslike accommodation with all reasonable people and nations, concentrating our forces and efforts against the true enemies of civilization. Thus, to dwell on his faults and errors is to evade the great questions of war and peace, life and death for our people and our country. You and I will have to compensate for his deficits of civility, in return for peace, we may hope as Lincoln hoped, among ourselves and with all nations.

Truly, America first, last and always; for ourselves and for our posterity. These are the reasons why I will vote for Donald Trump for president.

Adam Walinsky worked in the Department of Justice during the Kennedy administration and later served as legislative assistant and speechwriter to Sen. Robert F. Kennedy."
"NC State Troopers Take A Knee Before Protecting Charlotte – But It Wasn’t To Protest The National Anthem…

As idiots like Colin Kaepernick took a knee to protest prejudice against blacks by police officers, cops in Charlotte, NC took a knee to pray before going to confront protesters. That says a lot and shows a huge difference. One is self-centered and obsessed over perceived slights, the other focuses on faith and God. A picture was taken by the North Carolina Troopers Association of these officers praying. It went viral almost immediately and with good reason. This is who we are.

Radicals were bused into Charlotte to create havoc and violent chaos. They were also bused into Tulsa yesterday. We were fortunate here in that prayer prevailed and the protests were mostly peaceful. Charlotte was not so fortunate. I saw good people stand between the protesters and police trying to stop the radicals. I saw them kneel in the street praying that it would stop. Faith in God is colorblind… racism and violence are not of God.

From the Independent Review Journal:

But after an officer-involved shooting in Charlotte left 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scottdead, another photo of people “taking a knee” began to circulate on social media. These people weren’t on their knees in protest, however. They were on their knees in prayer. The photo, originally posted by the North Carolina Troopers Association, was shared nearly 100,000 times in less than 24 hours and included the following caption: × 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now “North Carolina State Troopers having a word of fellowship and prayer before being deployed on the streets of Charlotte. Please keep them in your thoughts and prayers as they work to protect us and help the city rebuild.” And the troopers weren’t alone. There were a number of people who took a knee in the streets, filling the gap between protesters and police:

People in Memphis knelt and bowed their heads as well. There were prayers said across the country and you know what? Race didn’t matter. There are a few people making this ugly and rioting in the streets. They are for the most part useful idiots egged on and controlled by Marxists whether they know it or not.

I was heartened to see the Rapid Response Team from Billy Graham’s ministry there… they are good people of faith and are greatly needed in Charlotte right now. We need to turn away from this hate and division and turn towards God. He is the only one who will lead us out of this. I’m so very proud of these police officers… they have their priorities straight. Black Lives Matter is not a good group… they prefer violence and hatred, as opposed to prayer and faith."
"Story highlights A protester pied Sacramento's mayor in the face at a charity event Wednesday

The two scuffled afterward, and the protester was taken to a hospital for stitches

(CNN) Kevin Johnson -- the NBA star-turned-Sacramento mayor -- was pied in the face by a man at a charity dinner Wednesday night at the high school he once attended.

But the pie-thrower appeared to get the worst of it.

Sean Thompson, 32, approached the mayor, pulled a pie out of the bag and shoving it in his face -- setting off a short scuffle, in which Johnson punched Thompson in the face several times, according to witnesses descriptions of the scuffle in local media reports

""There was an altercation that occurred after he got the pie in the face,"" Sgt. Bryce Heinlein, a Sacramento police spokesman, told CNN.

""There were some punches thrown, and then the subject was quickly taken to the ground by one of the officers that is on the mayor's security detail"" and some event attendees, Heinlein said.

Read More"
"U.S. women's soccer star Megan Rapinoe could face disciplinary action if she continues to kneel during the national anthem before games.

Despite an official statement from U.S. Soccer stating that both coaches and players are expected to stand at attention during the national anthem, Rapinoe continued to kneel at the Sept. 18 game against the Netherlands, protesting what she believes to be injustice and oppression in the United States.

Rapinoe first began her protest in solidarity with San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who announced that he will not stand for the anthem as long as there is continued police brutality and racial prejudice in this country. His statements and actions have created a national movement, with athletes like Rapinoe following in his footsteps.

Popular Video This young teenage singer was shocked when Keith Urban invited her on stage at his concert. A few moments later, he made her wildest dreams come true.

Her actions in particular have angered U.S. Soccer, which released a statement saying that her protest goes against everything the organization stands for.

""As part of the privilege to represent your country, we have an expectation that our players and coaches will stand and honor our flag while the national anthem is played,"" the statement reads in part, according to ESPN.

While she wasn't immediately punished for her protest, ESPN reports that the situation will be re-evaluated if Rapinoe continues to kneel throughout the rest of the season.

During a home game against the Netherlands, Rapinoe was met with some backlash when she refused to stand for the anthem, with one fan yelling, ""Stand up!""

Popular Video This young teenage singer was shocked when Keith Urban invited her on stage at his concert. A few moments later, he made her wildest dreams come true:

Nonetheless, Rapinoe has no plans of quitting her protest and is willing to risk suspension in order to make a statement.

""As of now I plan to keep kneeling,"" she told ESPN. ""I'm trying to kind of formulate a better plan and an action step moving forward. But until then, this is how I can help, this is how I can use my voice going forward, and this is how I can be an ally in this space."""
"Liberals Are Furious When Reality Star Brody Jenner Tells the Truth About Police Shootings on Twitter

It’s true that conservatives have a tendency to take the opinions of reality stars with many grains of salt, especially because they have a tendency to be mindlessly liberal and ill-informed.

Brody Jenner, however, has said something worth sharing.

Brody is the son of Caitlyn (then Bruce) Jenner and actress Linda Thompson, and stars in “The Hills,” a show that I’ve never seen and for which I can give you no description.

Twitter exploded after Brody Jenner posted a comment on Instagram claiming that not everything is about race. Of course, adding “All Lives Matter” was pretty much the end of it. The perpetually-offended crowd took to their keyboards to let him know that he’s a terrible person because he’s white and a man, and straight and “cis-gender.”

× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now

Below is the offending post:

“I normally don’t speak about this type of stuff, but this is just ridiculous. I can’t even watch the news anymore without getting pissed off. This has nothing to do with race. White, black, brown, any color…if you have an officer of the law telling you to exit your vehicle (or do anything for that matter)…you comply. And not only do you comply, but you do so willingly and follow directions completely. And why in the world would you exit that vehicle with a weapon in hand (allegedly?!) That makes no sense! And if, let’s just say, you DON’T have a gun, why would you not put your hands up in the air and state “I do not have a gun” so that the officers can clearly see that you don’t??”

After receiving backlash, he posted another photo on Instagram, salting the wounds of the whining babies on the left.

Predictably, liberals lost their ever-loving minds over this, but it’s honestly just par for the course with these people. They are always looking for something by which they can be offended."
"Donna Brazile said Trump’s hectoring of America’s first black president about his birth certificate recalled for her and many others the nation’s painful past. | AP Photo Donna Brazile slams Trump for not apologizing for birther claims

Democratic National Committee interim chairwoman Donna Brazile said Donald Trump’s refusal to apologize for spearheading the so-called “birther” movement that questioned the citizenship of Barack Obama is a “wound that won't heal.”

Recalling her visit over the weekend the newly-opened National Museum of African-American History and Culture as well as her own family’s history, Brazile said Trump’s hectoring of America’s first black president about his birth certificate recalled for her and many others the nation’s painful past.

Story Continued Below

“Donald Trump should take just a walk through that museum and see what it means to have to produce papers. I mean, my ancestors could not get papers simply because they were brought here as slaves. And it took centuries before we could finally get papers,” she told CNN’s “New Day” Tuesday morning. “To bring this up over and over again, and to smear the first black president of the United States, Donald Trump should be ashamed of himself, and he should apologize. I get emotional. I got a birth certificate. My parents had a birth certificate. My grandparents did not. My great grandparents did not.”

The issue of Trump’s support for the birther movement was raised late in Monday night’s presidential debate by moderator Lester Holt, who asked Trump what he would say to Americans hurt by his championing of the issue. As he did at a press conference two weeks ago, Trump blamed Hillary Clinton and her associates for first raising the issue and took credit for bringing the matter to rest. To those who might have been offended, the Manhattan billionaire said “Well, I say nothing, because I was able to get him to produce [his birth certificate].”

Brazile admitted that the apology she wants from Trump is “not forthcoming, so I know I'm speaking into the wild darkness of Donald Trump, but I think he should be ashamed of himself to bring that up and to say -- and this is what he said, ‘I'm the one who got him to produce the birth certificate.’ It's amazing.”

“I think it's a shame we put the president of the United States through this. It's just awful. And every time we talk about it, it's the wound. It’s the wound that won't heal,” she said. “And this is what Donald Trump should understand, it's the wound that will never heal as long as people go out there and exploit what I call real racial pain and animus in this country.”

Authors:"
"(CNN) The mistaken US-led coalition bombing of a Syrian military position Saturday may have happened because the personnel weren't wearing military uniforms and didn't have standard military weapons, several US military officials told CNN.

Officials said they now think the personnel bombed may have been Syrian military prisoners, according to several US defense officials.

That's a working theory of how US, British, Danish and Australian aircraft may have incorrectly assessed intelligence and targeted the site that killed more than 60 Syrian personnel near Deir Ezzor in eastern Syria. The UK Ministry of Defence is saying it used drones in the strike.

Officials emphasized there are no final conclusions by the US about who was struck. Overhead imagery and interviews with those involved will have to be assessed.

But the US is not disputing that Syrian personnel were hit. The US is trying to determine what specifically led to the mistaken strike and how the personnel may have been misidentified.

Read More"
"

8422 SHARES SHARES FacebookTwitter GooglePinterestDiggLinkedin Reddit Stumbleupon PrintDeliciousPocketTumblr

Jimmy Kimmel had an opportunity to bash Donald Trump in front of an audience of millions at the Emmys and he did not disappoint. He even went after Trump’s enablers who were sitting in the audience.

Kimmel opened the ceremony by poking fun of Hollywood’s elite and making several sarcastic but pointed jokes about diversity.

“This year’s nominees are the most diverse ever. And here in Hollywood, the only thing we value more than diversity is congratulating ourselves on how much we value diversity. The Emmys are so diverse this year, the Oscars are telling people we’re one of their closest friends.”

But his greatest moment came when he mocked Trump. And called out the guy who made him a reality television celebrity.

Kimmel sarcastically riffed about the existence of television making it possible for such self-aggrandizing and bombastic egotists like Trump to thrive.

“If it weren’t for television, would Donald Trump be running for president? No. He would be at home right now quietly rubbing up against his wife Malaria, while she pretends to be asleep.”

And when it came to who was responsible for creating the five-alarm dumpster fire that is Donald Trump’s presidency, Kimmel singled out Mark Burnett, the brainchild behind Celebrity Apprentice.

“That’s right. That guy. Mark Burnett, the man who brought us ‘Celebrity Apprentice. Thanks to Mark Burnett, we don’t have to watch reality shows anymore, because we’re living in one. Thank you, Mark.”

Perhaps only the guy who invented the infomercial is responsible for more suffering than Mark Burnett. That’s why Kimmel nominated Burnett to be the first one tossed over Trump’s wall, should Trump convince enough deplorables to vote against their economic self-interests.

Watch the segment below:

#Emmys: @JimmyKimmel blames Mark Burnett for Donald Trump during his opening monologue https://t.co/DxE9JEoINP pic.twitter.com/vZ6gNe5HnL — Hollywood Reporter (@THR) September 19, 2016

Featured image via Getty

Like this: Like Loading...

Related"
McCain Criticized Trump for Arpaio’s Pardon… Sheriff Joe Fires Perfect Response Joe Arpaio may not be in office any more, but that doesn't mean America's toughest sheriff has lost his step... check out how he eviscerated John McCain after McCain attacked Donald J. Trump for pardoning the Arizona lawman. Read more…
"On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015

Trump-Clinton debates will stream on Twitter

Twitter and Bloomberg Media are teaming up to stream the upcoming presidential debates live on Twitter.

The social media site had similar arrangements for the conventions with CBS News, and is also streaming Thursday night NFL games and other sporting events. The debates will be available at debates.twitter.com, in Twitter Moments or on @bpolitics.

The stream will also include thirty minute shows before and after the debate with Bloomberg Politics Managing Editors Mark Halperin and John Heinemann. Twitter and Bloomberg already have a deal for live streaming three Bloomberg TV shows.

On Tuesday, Facebook announced it was teaming up with ABC for a similar streaming arrangement for the debates, along with commentary from the ABC News team before and after the debates.



Hadas Gold is a reporter at Politico."
"During a campaign stop in Philadelphia, Vice President Joe Biden slammed Donald Trump’s debate performance Monday night –- specifically taking umbrage with the GOP nominee's comments on the housing crisis.

""This is a guy who said -- and wants to be president -- that it was good business for him to see the housing market fail. What in the hell is he talking about?"" Biden said during a rally at Drexel University. ""Every president I have served with, including Republicans, has had a moral center about what it was to be an American, about what we’re supposed to do, about what basic fundamental rights are.""

Biden asked the crowd if they could imagine Ronald Reagan, ""saying it's good business to take advantage of people’s misery, rooting for that misery?""

""He does not have the basic fundamental sensibilities and values that almost every American politician left, right and center I know have,"" Biden said. ""They disagree on how to make things better for you, but they don’t take pleasure from 'You’re fired.' They don’t take pleasure knowing that they will benefit.""

During the first presidential debate, Hillary Clinton said Trump was rooting for a collapse in the housing market, to which the real-estate mogul responded, ""That's called business, by the way.""

""When you’re sitting atop Trump Tower, in a semi-golden palace, not a joke, what do you care about the people that I grew up with?"" Biden said of Trump.

The vice president also criticized Trump's suggestion that not paying taxes ""makes me smart.""

""He acknowledged that he didn’t pay taxes because, he said, he’s smart. Makes him smart,"" Biden said. ""Tell that to the janitor in here who’s paying taxes. Tell that to your mothers and fathers who are breaking their neck to send you here who are paying their taxes. No I really mean it. It angers me.”

He added that the views Trump expressed in the debate demonstrate his outlook on the country.

""If this choice isn’t clear, I don’t know –- my lord,"" Biden said about the debate. ""What bothers me about this race is how palpable his cynicism is about the American people."""
"Story highlights Hillary Clinton has a 6-point lead over Donald Trump in a four way race, according to a new poll

Clinton has the edge over Trump on a number of key issues in the poll ahead of the first presidential debate

(CNN) Hillary Clinton holds a solid 6-point lead over Donald Trump heading into the first presidential debate next Monday, according to a new national poll released Friday.

The McClatchy-Marist poll found Clinton leading Trump 45% to 39% among likely voters in a four-way race. Libertarian Gary Johnson garnered 10% support, and Green Party candidate Jill Stein polled at 4%. A Wall Street Journal/NBC poll this week found Clinton leading by a similar margin, 43% to 37%.

Clinton maintains a massive lead among black voters in the new poll, pacing Trump 93% to 3% despite high-profile efforts by the Trump campaign to improve its outreach to minority voters. Clinton also has a large advantage over Trump among Latinos, 74% to 16%, but her support shrinks to 60% when third-party options are included.

Both candidates continue to struggle with low favorability numbers -- 40% of likely voters say they have a favorable opinion of Clinton, and 37% say the same about Trump.

Trump has a slight edge on the question of who is ""honest and trustworthy,"" as 44% of likely voters think he is, while 36% think that Clinton is. The two run about even when voters pick who ""shares their values"" and who ""cares about people like them."" And Clinton beats Trump handily on ""know how to do the job"" and temperament.

Read More"
"7.5k SHARES Facebook Twitter

A public high school has been accused of indoctrinated Islam into their students. Allegedly, the school has been mandating children profess the Islamic statement of faith, memorize the five pillars of Islam, as well as teaching students that the Muslims faith is stronger than a Christian or Jews. This is all according to lawsuit filed in federal court this past Wednesday.

The lawsuit was filed on behalf of John and Melissa Wood with the Thomas More Law Center and the action is being taken against La Plata High School in Maryland. According to John Wood the school banished him from their property when he complained about the Islamic teachings.

Richard Thompson, President of Thomas More, said,

“Defendants forced Wood’s daughter to disparage her Christian faith by reciting the Shahada, and acknowledging Mohammed as her spiritual leader.”

The Law Center commented that for non Muslims such as Christians and Jews that reciting the Shahada Islamic creed which is their statement of faith is the equivalent of converting.

Spokespeople for the Charles County Public Schools have refused to comment other than to say they have not received any such lawsuit yet. However, the Principal Evelyn Arnold, Vice Principal Shannon Morris, and Charles County Board of Education were all named in the lawsuit.

The lawsuit says,

“During its brief instruction on Christianity, Defendants failed to cover any portion of the Bible or other non-Islamic religious texts, such as the Ten Commandments. Instead, the class included disparaging remarks about Christianity and the Pope. Such discriminatory treatment of Christianity is an unconstitutional promotion of one religion over another. United States Supreme Court precedent does not create a double standard that allows for the promotion of Islam in our public schools while disallowing and silencing teachings of Christianity and Judaism.”

Classroom assignment copies indicate the teachers were instructing students that most Muslim people’s faith are stronger than that of the average Christian. As well, the copies show they taught students that Islam is a peaceful religion that treated their conquered nations with kindness and respect too.

Part of the handout reads,

“Nowhere in the Koran does it say you will go to paradise if you martyr yourself with a suicide bomb. Important: The majority of Muslims do not live this way.”

It referenced the jihad as,

“a holy war waged on behalf of Islam as a religious duty; a personal struggle in devotion to Islam especially involving spiritual discipline.”

This reportedly occurred during the 2014-2015 school year. So lord only knows what these teachers have been education these students about for the past few years. Despite the fact the Thomas More Center has taken on this case neither the American Civil Liberties Union or the Freedom From Religion Foundation have weighed in on the issue."
"External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.

Copyright © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network"
"Story highlights Monday night marks the first of three debates

This is how you can watch it

Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump will take the stage Monday night for the first presidential debate, due to be broadcast live most everywhere.

It's one of the most anticipated political events of the year, and if you plan on watching it, here's what you need to know.

The Commission on Presidential Debates, a bipartisan organization that manages the events, will host the first of three general election presidential debates at Hofstra University in New York on Monday, September 26.

CNN will air the event in its entirety on its networks as well as through a live stream on CNN.com CNN Politics will host a live blog offering instant analysis and reaction as the debate unfolds at the top of the screen.

Read More"
"On Media Blog Archives Select Date… December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015

Topics for first presidential debate announced

Lester Holt, ""NBC Nightly News"" anchor and moderator of the first presidential debate scheduled for next Monday announced the topics that will serve as a jumping off point for his questions.

The topics include ""America's Direction,"" ""Achieving Prosperity"" and ""Securing America."" The announcement came with a caveat that the topics could change due to news developments.

The debate, which will be held at Hofstra University on Long Island, New York, will feature six 15-minute segments over a 90 minute period with no commercial breaks. Two of the 15-minute segments will focus on each of the announced topics.

Hadas Gold is a reporter at Politico.

Authors:"
"“[Ahmad Khan Rahami] should go to jail and be somebody’s girlfriend.” — Rock Legend Gene Simmons commenting on recent NY/NJ bomber Ahmad Khan Rahami

Hall of Fame rock legend Gene Simmons made a name for himself playing the bass guitar and singing for the pop-rock band KISS. In more recent years he’s been a reality TV star, a cultural icon, and an outspoken defender of the free market system and personal liberty. The combination of these things has made Simmons marketing gold among more conservative NASCAR loving, flag waving Americans. The folks at TMZ recently ran into Simmons in the airport security line and asked him for his thoughts on the recent bombings.

Simmons told TMZ that he thought the Muslim terrorist bomber, Rahami, “should go to jail and be somebody’s girlfriend.” Ouch. TMZ then asked Simmons how he would solve the problem of Islamic terrorism in America, to which Simmons replied, rather politically incorrectly, that we needed to do more profiling.

“Nobody says the word ‘profile.’ Everyone needs to get smart. I’m ok with profiling. I want you to stop me first. I want you to stop me because I look a certain way. And if I’m clear, then profile someone else. It’s emergency powers during war. There’s a war going on.”

But what about the people who were being “unfairly” profiled, TMZ wondered. Simmons held nothing back in his perfect response. “It is unfair. That’s why the words ‘too bad’ exists.”

BOOM.

Thank you for being awesome, Mr. Simmons. Maybe when Donald Trump gets elected President he’ll consider making Gene Simmons the director of Homeland Security? Ooh, and then KISS could play at all of the White House State functions! Hey, I can dream, can’t I?

The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com"
"(CNN) Hillary Clinton's campaign manager said Wednesday that the Democratic nominee would implement a set of best practices to prevent police-involved shootings like the ones this week in Charlotte, North Carolina and Tulsa, Oklahoma.

""There are two prongs to her approach,"" Robby Mook, Hillary for America campaign manager told CNN's Alisyn Camerota on ""New Day."" ""The first is to have a set of national standards around how to manage the situations that doesn't exist right now and that could help through training to prevent situations like this.""

""There are no set of national best practices on how to manage situations,"" he continued. ""These situations are handled by local policies currently. And what she is proposing is that we actually set up national standards so that localities have better policies to work with and train towards.""

Clinton spoke out Tuesday against ""systematic racism"" following the recent shooting of Terence Crutcher in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Crutcher was shot and killed last week after his car broke down. The 40-year-old black man raised his hands above his head just before Officer Betty Shelby fatally shot him. Crutcher was unarmed at the time.

The Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department said Wednesday that ""approximately 12 officers"" were injured during protests after the fatal shooting of Keith Lamont Scott Tuesday by a police officer.

Mook said the other part of Clinton's plans involves working to improve the relationship between police and minorities.

""The second piece is to restore bonds between communities and law enforcement, so investing in community policing and making sure that local police have the resources to build the resources in the community to prevent something like this from happening,"" he said.

Clinton told radio host Steve Harvey on Tuesday's ""The Steve Harvey Morning Show"" that she plans to speak ""directly to white people"" about implicit bias. Mook said Wednesday Clinton meant she would explain that different ethnic groups are often treated differently in America.

""What she's saying is our entire country needs to do some real soul-searching here. It is clear that the criminal justice system is not treating everybody the same way,"" he said. ""If you are African-American or from a minority group, you may not be being treated the same as a white person. And that's a problem.""

Clinton said Tuesday that while there are ""good, honorable, cool-headed police officers"" working across the country, ""we can do better.""

""We have got to tackle systemic racism,"" Clinton said. ""This horrible shooting again. How many times do we have to see this in our country?""

""This is just unbearable,"" Clinton said. ""And it needs to be intolerable.""

Clinton later tweeted on the shooting, writing, ""Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. #TerenceCrutcher -H.""

Another unarmed Black man was shot in a police incident. This should be intolerable. We have so much work to do. #TerenceCrutcher -H — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 20, 2016

In response to the Crutcher shooting, both the Department of Justice and state authorities have launched investigations into the officer-involved shooting.

Danny C. Williams, US Attorney of the Northern District of Oklahoma, said prosecutors will attempt to determine whether a federal civil rights violation had occurred. Authorities refused to immediately answer additional questions due to the ongoing investigation."
"Conway: Trump will explain his Islamic State plan if asked

Donald Trump will detail his plan to destroy the Islamic State during Monday night’s debate against Hillary Clinton — if asked, according to his campaign manager.

Asked by Willie Geist during MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” whether Trump will offer specifics beyond his broad statement that he will “knock the hell out of ISIS,” Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway replied in the affirmative.

Story Continued Below

“He certainly has a plan. I’ve heard it,” Conway said. “This is his debate tonight, Willie, he’ll tell you if that question is asked. But there’s also — you know, people are just amazed that Hillary Clinton would put on her campaign website what her plan to defeat ISIS is. Is it that ISIS can’t read that plan?”

Trump has vowed to “knock the hell out of ISIS” but has been mum on how he would do so, suggesting that he doesn’t want to tip his hand to the terrorist network.

Pressed by Geist and Mika Brzezinski on whether voters deserve to know details about his plan before they cast their votes, or at least a sense that he has any “knowledge of the landscape,” Conway said, “Yes, and he’ll be happy to offer those specifics without telling the enemy exactly what we’re going to do.”

“So just to put a button on it, we’ll get the ISIS plan tonight in the debate?” Geist asked.

“You will get his view of how best to defeat the enemy without telling ISIS particularly, specifically what it’s going to be,” she said.

Authors:"
"Story highlights Obams reaffirms US commitment to fighting ISIS

Obama praised the response from citizens in New York and New Jersey

New York (CNN) President Barack Obama worked to calm Americans' jitters Monday after a series of attempts at mass violence, suggesting that yielding to fear amounted to a win for terrorists.

During two appearances in New York, Obama praised the swift work of law enforcement authorities looking into duel bomb attacks in New York and New Jersey over the weekend. And he urged Americans to follow the lead of residents here by not submitting to fear.

""I think it is important to remember what terrorists and violent extremists are trying to do. They are trying to hurt innocent people, but they also want to inspire fear in all of us, and disrupt the way we live to undermine our values,"" Obama said. ""We all have a role to play as citizens in making sure that we don't succumb to that fear. And there is no better example of that than the people of New York and New Jersey.""

""Folks around here, you know, they don't get scared. They are tough, they are resilient, they go about their business every single day. And that kind of toughness and resoluteness and a recognition that neither individuals nor organizations like ISIL can ultimately undermine our way of life,"" Obama said. ""That's the kind of strength that makes me so proud to be an American.""

The President was speaking Monday morning from a hotel in midtown Manhattan, where he's attending his final United Nations General Assembly meeting. Two miles south, in Chelsea, investigations were still piecing together evidence following a bomb explosion in a dumpster Saturday night, which injured dozens.

Read More"
"United Nations (CNN) President Barack Obama made an impassioned plea Tuesday for countries to fulfill a moral obligation to alleviate a global refugee crisis ""of epic proportions,"" despite a political backlash in the US against absorbing those fleeing Middle East violence.

The President's interest in calling attention to the tens of millions of displaced people around the world, and pushing back against the anti-refugee tenor, was underscored by his decision to convene a Leaders' Summit on Refugees at the United Nations Tuesday.

At the summit, he also rejected another aspect of the American political debate swirling around accepting foreigners -- GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump's call to build a wall along the US-Mexico border.

""This crisis is a test of our common humanity. Whether we give into suspicion and fear and build walls, or whether we see ourselves in another,"" Obama said, though he didn't mention Trump by name.

Obama singled out the situation in Syria, which has displaced 4.8 million people so far, as particularly ""unacceptable.""

JUST WATCHED President Obama at the UN: Then and now Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH President Obama at the UN: Then and now 01:45

""We are not as unified as we should be in pushing to make it stop,"" he said, describing the global refugee crisis as both a humanitarian and security challenge that tests countries' ability to take collective action.

""I called this summit because this crisis is one of the most urgent tests of our time,"" he said. ""Just as failure to act in the past -- for example, by turning away Jews fleeing Nazi Germany -- is a stain on our collective conscience, I believe history will judge us harshly if we do not rise to this moment.""

The refugee issue is one that's captured the world's attention more in the past two years than at perhaps any time since World War II, seared into the public's consciousness by photos like that of a 3-year-old Syrian boy who drowned in the Mediterranean and the flood of migrants into Europe.

A recent study by from the UN's refugee agency estimated 65.3 million people were displaced from their homes by conflict or persecution in 2015, up by over five million from the prior year. Many are internally displaced within the borders of their own countries, but about 21.3 million are classified as refugees.

Obama's summit follows a similar UN-led meeting on the issue Monday, which drew attention to the crisis but offered little in the way of binding commitments.

""Make no mistake,"" US Secretary of State John Kerry said at the UN meeting, ""additional efforts are urgently needed.""

Leaders also called for a more orderly and equitable system to manage refugee flows -- acknowledging the burden is shouldered disproportionally by certain regions.

""You have to know that today the European Union has a clear objective to restore order on its external borders,"" European Council President Donald Tusk said in his remarks, signaling a growing sense that patience in Europe with the migrant flow is wearing thin.

""There will be no repeat of the year 2015 with more than one and a half million irregular migrants,"" he added.

The Obama administration is hopeful the Leader's Summit on Tuesday afternoon can build momentum for more action.

National Security Advisor Susan Rice in June announced that the gathering -- co-hosted along with the US by Canada, Ethiopia, Germany, Jordan, Mexico, Sweden and the UN Secretary General -- would seek an increase in funding of at least 30%, a doubling of permanent resettlement, and expanded access to education and work rights for refugees.

""Reaching these ambitious objectives will be challenging, yet the level of need demands no less,"" Rice said in a statement.

But aid groups are skeptical the summit will prompt the kind of action they say is desperately needed.

""We have to be optimistic that we'll see some real concrete commitments,"" said Amnesty International's Interim Executive Director Margaret Huang. ""But the truth is, even if those numbers are hit, it's nowhere near what's actually needed.""

The US is a major contributor of humanitarian aid for countries that host large numbers of refugees -- particularly Syria's neighbors -- and plans to increase the number of refugees it will take in to America from 85,000 in 2016 to 110,000 next year.

The President's chief spokesman last week conceded that even as the administration calls for greater global action, it is limited in what it can do.

""The President's commitment to ensuring that the United States plays a leading role on this issue is not shared by a lot of people in Congress, including by a lot of people in the Republican majority in Congress,"" Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters. ""And that has an impact in terms of the resources that are dedicated to this effort.""

Vetting efforts to screen refugees, he noted, ""are not cheap.""

David Miliband, president of the International Rescue Committee and a former British Foreign Secretary, said he's hopeful but waiting to see whether any agreements are backed up with action.

""The scale of the global refugee problem demands an appropriate scale of response,"" Miliband told CNN. ""Governments around the world haven't, in the main, been responding with the right degree of compassion or competence up to now.""

But the co-hosts of the Leaders' Summit said in a statement they were pleased with ""new and significant humanitarian contributions"" from world leaders.

""We sought a $3 billion increase in global humanitarian financing and commitments to maintain funding in future years,"" they said. ""Through our mutual efforts, over the course of 2016, the 32 donors participating today have contributed this year roughly 4.5 billion additional dollars to UN appeals and international humanitarian organizations than in 2015.""

As they await action from world leaders in New York, a group of volunteers in London laid out a ""life jacket graveyard"" Monday to draw attention to the plight of thousands of migrants who've lost their lives attempting hazardous boat crossings in the Mediterranean.

The conflict in Syria and resulting migrant crisis in the Middle East and Europe have dominated headlines over the past 18 months, but refugees are a global problem.

Perhaps nowhere are they more prevalent than in the so-called ""global south"" -- the developing countries of the southern hemisphere. Last week, South Sudan joined the ranks of Syria, Afghanistan, and Somalia -- countries with over 1 million of their citizens living as refugees abroad.

And protracted conflict in places like Somalia have led to a generation of lifelong refugees -- men and women in their twenties who've never known life outside of a camp.

""These are not people who can envision what life would be like if they were returned to their home countries,"" Huang said."
"Story highlights Donald Trump criticized Hillary Clinton for her approach to national security issues

It's a recurring theme of his campaign

Estero, Florida (CNN) Donald Trump, speaking two days after the latest terrorist attack on US soil, sought to paint his rival Hillary Clinton as a ""weak and ineffective"" leader not prepared to confront the threat of radical Islamic terrorism, as he talked up his radical policy prescriptions.

The Republican presidential nominee, addressing more than 8,000 people at his first rally since the bomb attacks in New York and New Jersey, talked up his hardline immigration policies, argued domestic terror suspects, even US citizens, should be tried as ""foreign enemy combatants"" -- rather than receive due process under US law.

He also slammed Clinton for what he said was being tougher on his supporters than on Islamist terrorism.

""Hillary Clinton talks tougher about my supporters than she does about radical Islamic terrorists,"" Trump said, pointing to Clinton's comments that half his supporters belong in a ""basket of deplorables.""

""Has she ever talked that way about radical Islam? No,"" Trump said. ""Are those words reserved only for hard-working Americans who truly love our country and they want to make a statement? One can be forgiven for getting the impression that these hardworking Americans are somehow a greater threat to our country than these Islamic extremists.""

Read More"
"Getty Images Fourth Estate In Defense of ‘He Said/She Said’ Journalism Why we must give the devil his due.

The “he said/she said” method of reporting—in which journalists observe the profession’s convention and get at least two sides of every story—has been taking it on the chin ever since New York University journalism professor Jay Rosen placed it in his gunsights in 2009 and started ack-acking it with regularity.

But the ""he said/she said"" debate didn’t move from the margins to the mainstream until last week when the New York Times abandoned mechanical balance and published a Page One, above-the-fold piece by Michael Barbaro, shredding Donald Trump as a pitiful serial liar and obfuscator for his latest “birther” declaration. The Times piece elated critics of the ""he said/she"" said construct. In an Atlantic piece titled “The Death of ‘He Said, She Said’ Journalism,” Peter Beinart pronounced Barbaro’s work a journalistic sea change. Trump had broken all the rules of political conduct, Beinart stated, and the Times had rightly ditched a few of its own. Abandoning the usual journalistic etiquette, which calls for mendacious politicians to be described as committing a falsehood when what they’re actually doing is lying, the Times piece dealt with Trump with “astonishing bluntness,” Beinart wrote, repeatedly calling Trump’s birther nonsense a “lie.” Trump was given no opportunity in the piece to deny the charges, which sits just fine with the ""he said/she said"" critics.

Story Continued Below

While I consider Trump to be a first-rate liar and don’t mind saying so, I’m not convinced that jettisoning the ""he said/she said"" blueprint is such a good idea. Every politician lies. If we were to police all politicians in the news pages the way Barbaro did Trump, it would be entertaining. But political journalism as we know it could expire as profiles and news stories collapsed into spreadsheets grading the truth value of political utterances. Isn’t that what the fact-checker columns are for?

In his widely applauded critiques of ""he said/she said"" journalism, Rosen holds that by reflexively seeking the “other side” of every public dispute and shying away from expressing the truth, the media creates a bogus symmetry between the “he said” voices in a story and the prevaricators serving up the “she said” dissent. “Do users really want to be left helpless in sorting out who’s faking it more?” Rosen asked, proposing that journalists put a higher premium on seeking truth and avoiding distortion. The ""he said/she said"" structure constitutes “one of the lowest forms of journalism in existence,” he would later remark.

Donald Trump, the thinking goes, has gamed the ""he said/she said"" convention to contaminate the political debate with his lies, obfuscations and double-talk whenever the press seeks comment on an issue, a clarification of something he’s said, or a response to a point raised by his opponent, Hillary Clinton. This is true. In speeches and interviews, he’s expressed a broadband stream of lies, such as denying that he’s used terms like “fat pig” to describe women, insisting that he never called George W. Bush a liar, claiming that he opposed the Iraq War, making fallacious boasts about his acts of philanthropy, asserting that the NFL had contacted him about the debate schedule, and more, much more. But they are lies, all lies. And every time the media quotes one of Trump’s “she said” lies without a correcting fact-check, it undermines the truth of the “he said” side of the debate. At least, so the thinking goes.

But has journalists' practice of giving Trump the right of reply, allowing him to pearl his lies with another coating of deceit really been such a disaster? One result of the straight, ""he said/she said"" coverage of the Trump style has been his record lows in the Washington Post/ABC News favorability poll. Thanks to this coverage, many voters are able to see through Trump’s “post-truth” style of politics and don’t need the news pages directly calling him a lying liar who lies every time he speaks. Among his supporters, many don’t care that he mangles the facts and others take secret glee in the trickster’s campaign he’s waging for the presidency: He’s serving baloney and his supporters can’t get enough of it.

As bracing and as full of truth-telling as the Barbaro piece was, I hope it doesn’t embolden other news pages to abandon convention. The formula, when properly executed, forces reporters to perform due diligence in their articles. The form is even more useful for skeptical “show me” readers, who want those extra bits of evidence to help them make up their mind about a candidate or an issue. This, I realize, can be especially challenging with Trump because the Mouth of Manhattan has made a career of taking both sides on nearly everything. He is the hermaphrodite of opinion makers—both ""he said and she said""—and, like any good circus freak, that makes him too exceptional to build rules from.

One reason I admire ""he said/she said"" journalism is that I often find myself sympathizing with the ""she-said"" side of the equation, and its presence assures me that the reporter is conducting something approximating an open inquiry. Whenever the ""she-said"" component of a story goes missing, leaving only the dominant position expressed, I get the feeling I’m being fed bunk. Even the Holy Bible gives Satan a forum for his dastardly views. So why not news stories?

I don’t believe a story must balance out like a chemistry equation until both sides (or multiple sides) hover in the ether in perfect equilibrium. But intellectual history informs us that the dominant positions in any field—ruling paradigms, if you don’t mind the language—have a tendency to erode over time when exposed to minority critiques. In order for thought to progress, the minority report—however seemingly misguided—must be heard.

The history of science is pockmarked with paradigms that were blown away by she-saiders. Early in the last century, for example, the scientific and cultural elites espoused the misguided philosophy of eugenics, which held that feeblemindedness was directly inheritable and that forced sterilization, institutionalization or lobotomization for these lessers was right and just. To oppose eugenics was to place yourself outside the established consensus, to define yourself as a crackpot, to be reduced to a ""she-said"" if you were lucky enough to get quoted in a news story. Today, we think of the eugenicists as troglodytes.

Or consider the story of Alfred Wegener. He 1912, he proposed his plate tectonic theory much to the derision of the scientific establishment who laughed at the idea of continental drift. Not until the 1960s did his ideas gain proper respect, and his critics take his place as geology’s crackpots. Or take the example of Australian doctor Barry Marshall, who conjectured in the early 1980s that bacteria and not stress was the cause of ulcers, a condition that afflicted up to 10 percent of all adults. Even after Marshall induced an ulcer in his own stomach by drinking a potion containing Helicobacter pylori he was still derided and marginalized by the establishment. “You think, ‘It’s science; it’s got to be accepted,’” Marshall told Discover magazine. “But it’s not an absolute given.” By the mid-1990s, the idea finally took root, undermining the business model of thousands of gastroenterologists who treated and retreated the affliction with ineffective drugs and surgery. In 2005, Marshall and a colleague were awarded the Nobel Prize in medicine for their Helicobacter pylori work. Science abounds with equally dramatic stories.

Obviously, the critiques of every she-saider don’t automatically end in the triumphs Wegener and Marshall enjoyed. But when you catalog the ruling paradigms in science and technology that have been toppled in recent years, the toppler was almost always marginalized in the early going. Fracking has all but destroyed the peak oil hypothesis. The “one-size, fits all” advice on mammograms has been abandoned. Our views on saturated fat, once almost holy writ, have been chucked. Until 1973, the American Psychiatric Association classified homosexuality as a mental disorder. (All is not progress: Some now argue that “homophobia” is an indicator of a disorder.) Marijuana makes you mad. (Today, the equally suspicious paradigm is that marijuana is good for whatever ails you.) Coffee, once thought to be bad for you, turns out to be good for you, at least for now. Moving over to the policy realm, the once dominant “super-predator” thesis was once supported across partisan lines. It is now discredited. Remember how Japan’s economy was supposed to overtake the United States’? Remember how Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan said the U.S. economic system was stable? Experts predicted wild inflation after quantitative easing. Others posited that housing prices would never decline nationwide. And so on.

The dissents of the she-saiders are generally beneficial. Whether right or wrong, the dissenters have a way of increasing everybody’s knowledge. If they are wrong, as Michael Shermer has written, their untruths force the dominant paradigm to self-examine, and if warranted, use new evidence to improve its position. If the she-saiders are right, they advance human thought. That’s how science works, and I believe journalism should work that way, too. Vaccine pioneer Jonas Salk summarized the predictable moves of the knee-jerk paradigm-defenders with this progression. “First,” Salk writes, they say “that it can’t be true.” Second phase: “Well, if it’s true, it’s not very important.” Third phase: “Well, we’ve known it all along.”

Before anybody puts words in my mouth, this is not my long-winded way of saying I don’t subscribe to the global warming hypothesis. I do—but at the same time, I keep my options open. The protectors of the ruling paradigm have an intellectual responsibility to mount disciplined defense against all comers. Even against crackpots.

The last and best reason for supporting “he said/she said” journalism: So many readers and viewers have self-segregated by limiting their news consumption to outlets that reflect their personal views. These days, many readers get only the ""he said"" side of the story or just the ""she said"" side, remaining deliberately oblivious to the vibrant debate that might actually be going on. While I value partisan media, I also value nonpartisan news operations—like POLITICO—that make ideas duel in their news pages. NPR News Director Michael Oreskes puts this practical spin on why his organization shies away from calling liars liars: “[I]f you present the facts calmly and without a tone of editorializing, you substantially increase the chance that people will hear you out and weigh the facts. That is why the tone of journalism matters so much. We need potential listeners and readers to believe we are presenting the facts honestly, and not to confirm our opinions.”

If you’re not getting a steady diet of ""she said"" quotations in your news consumption, you’re at risk of starving to death. ""He said/she said"" keeps journalists honest, even if, on occasion, it looks like it’s only accruing to the benefit of a beast like Donald Trump.

******

A sumptuous meal of news, news, news. Make mine extra rare, garcon. Send news recipes via email to Shafer.Politico@gmail.com. My email alerts are breakfast. My Twitter feed is lunch. And my RSS feed is a stingy snack.

Jack Shafer is Politico’s senior media writer."
"Milwaukee Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. has been a fixture on Fox News in recent months, appearing on multiple programs on that network to attack the Black Lives Matter movement, which he has compared several times to international terrorists.

Clarke has also been an outspoken supporter of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, and is often one of the first names Trump backers bring up when attempting to highlight support for the candidate among black voters. Clarke spoke in support of Trump at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland this past summer.

But while he was busy on the cable network attacking the black community, a man died in the jail under his command. He reportedly died of thirst, of all things.

Terrill Thomas, 38, was found dead in a Milwaukee County Jail cell on April 24, nine days after being arrested in connection with a shooting. Other inmates heard Thomas beg for water in the days before he died, the Journal Sentinel reported in July. […] Last week the Milwaukee County medical examiner announced that Thomas’ death was due to profound dehydration, according to the Journal Sentinel. By labeling the death a homicide, the medical examiner indicated that it was caused by the actions of another person, although that judgment does not necessarily mean that anyone will be criminally prosecuted in the case.

Inmates at the jail say the water in Thomas’ jail cell had been cut off for 6 days, and that one inmate warned jailers about the danger to the man’s life. Attorney Erik J. Heipt told the site that he has received calls from other inmates to tell him that the water had been cut off to their cells, and another inmate died in 2011 when his water was cut off as well.

Clarke is reportedly part of a pro-Trump bus tour arranged by a super PAC that is supporting the candidate.

The Huffington Post also reports that Clarke took in over $150,000 in 2015 from “speaking fees, travel reimbursements and gifts.”

Featured image via Flickr"
"

16505 SHARES SHARES FacebookTwitter GooglePinterestDiggLinkedin Reddit Stumbleupon PrintDeliciousPocketTumblr

Former Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan once said “Everyone is entitled to his own opinion, but not his own facts.” To which the head of the Commission on Presidential Debates has officially responded: “Says who?”

In a stunning interview with CNN’s Reliable Sources, Janet Brown gave a baffling explanation for why she believes fact checking should be taken off the table at presidential debates.

“I think personally if you start getting into fact checking, I’m not sure. What is a big fact? What is a little fact? And if you and I have different sources of information does your source about the unemployment rate agree with my source? I don’t think it’s a good idea to get the moderator into essentially serving as the Encyclopedia Britannica.”

Head of Commission on Presidential Debates doesn’t want moderators correcting lies because “what is a big fact, what is a little fact?” #cnn pic.twitter.com/krm5FeV9aW — John Aravosis (@aravosis) September 25, 2016

The statement was exactly what the Trump campaign had been demanding for weeks and was ecstatic to hear. Going into Monday’s crucial first presidential debate, the Republican candidate understood that the most dangerous hurdle he had to get around was if the moderator called him on his lies. Trump, who has dismissed preparing for the debate out of hand, lies a lot. That’s his strength. He needs it to win.

Politico recently analyzed Trump’s last five days on the campaign trail and found that Donald Trump lies at a rate of once every 3 minutes and 15 seconds.

Trump’s misrepresentations range from false pronouncements (he again wrongly said he opposed the war in Iraq before it began) to the petty (he insisted Clinton had copied him by holding rallies with her plane in the background and insinuated she was “sleeping” when she held no public events). He contradicted his own policy on providing health care to the poor, overstated the ad-spending discrepancy between his campaign and Clinton’s and exaggerated the size of his primary victories and polling leads.

(For what it’s worth, they also fact-checked Clinton and found that while she, like any politician, does fudge the truth occasionally, Trump’s lying “so greatly exceed[s] Clinton’s as to make the comparison almost ludicrous.” Ouch.)

And while Debate Commissioner Brown used an intentionally vague example (“unemployment rate”), there is no indication that Trump will reserve lies to things so nuanced. One example that might come up: Donald Trump continues to insist that the crime rate in America is going through the roof. This is a blatant lie that is exposed by just quick glance at the FBI’s crime statistics. The debate moderator doesn’t need to serve as the “Encyclopedia Britannica,” he or she just needs to know the basic facts. Big and small. And not let Trump get away with misleading the American people who are tuning in.

Journalists, whose job it is to deal in facts, are furious with this caving to Trump.

If reporters aren't supposed to factcheck at debates, why exactly are reporters moderators to begin with? Why not just have an actor do it? — Sopan Deb (@SopanDeb) September 25, 2016

Debate Commission director seems to think there are no facts, just different sources to support any claim. That helps elect President Trump. https://t.co/lPkCQi2KL4 — Mr Media Training (@MrMediaTraining) September 25, 2016

What is the point of a debate moderator other than fact checking? Why is this even a discussion? — Dan Pfeiffer (@danpfeiffer) September 25, 2016

Meanwhile, Trump’s supporters are actively celebrating. They, just like their candidate, understand that the only path to victory for Trump is if he can get Americans to believe his lies.

@AJDelgado13 Here is a crazy idea…..let the voters at home fact check. Let social media fact check. Candy taught us this. — Judson McCulloch (@JudsonMcCulloch) September 25, 2016

Hint: If you find yourself in a political party that’s major talking point leading up to a debate is that your candidate should be allowed to lie on stage, you might want to consider finding a new political party.

Featured image via CNN

Like this: Like Loading...

Related"
"Kellyanne Conway praised Donald Trump for showing restraint at the debate. | AP Photo Trump camp: ‘Donald Trump is guilty of answering the question asked’

Donald Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway praised her candidate for showing restraint at the tail end of Monday night’s debate when Hillary Clinton attacked his history of disrespectful and derogatory remarks about women.

“I have to say, certainly as a woman, I appreciated the restraint at the end. I am not sure I would have been able to exercise it myself, but restraint is a virtue and it’s a presidential virtue,” Conway told MSNBC’s Morning Joe Tuesday. “To tell Hillary Clinton after she accused him of being terrible with women, to tell Hillary Clinton ‘I was prepared to go rough tonight and I am not going to do it because your husband and daughter are here.’ That is going to grow in importance in the next couple of days in a moment of great temperance and restraint.”

Story Continued Below

With just minutes left in Monday night’s debate, Clinton managed to work in a line of attack against Trump that she has also used most-recently in a new campaign ad, hitting the Manhattan billionaire as “a man who has called women pigs, slobs and dogs.” After the debate, Trump told CNN that ““I was going to say something extremely rough to Hillary, to her family, and I said to myself, I can't do it,” indicating that he was uncomfortable leveling such an attack with Clinton’s husband and daughter in the audience.

Tuesday morning, Conway was happy to fill in the blanks for viewers wondering what exactly Trump’s attack might have been.

“I think he could have said what was on millions of Americans’ minds, no doubt, that are we going to relitigate who’s been good to women and who hasn't?” Conway said. “They’re taking a couple comments he made over any number of years as a private citizen, versus where he could have gone, and I think we all can finish the sentence. People did last night, they finished the sentence, they said, you know, maybe he was going to talk about Bill Clinton's record with women, but he decided not to.”

Overall, Conway said Clinton failed to deliver a “knockout punch” that would have forced Trump into a major error. Instead, Trump’s campaign manager said the former secretary of state came off as rehearsed and determined to squeeze her talking points into the conversation, regardless of how pertinent they were to the questions of moderator Lester Holt.

“Donald Trump is guilty of answering the question asked, and I thought Hillary Clinton last night wanted to make sure that no matter what was asked and what was answered, she was going to repeat back to us everything that she had learned in the last week or two weeks, and that’s fine,” Conway said.

“I don't think Hillary Clinton did a thing last night. If somebody can correct me, what was the big takeaway moment where she offers this huge vision for economic growth and an end to wage stagnation,” she added. “So I didn't hear any big moment for her where she convinced the 70 percent of Americans who want change, who want a different direction, that she's their gal.”

Authors:"
"

Plastic glasses, knives, forks and food boxes are being been banned in France. (Bertrand Combaldieu/Associated Press)

PARIS — France has apparently become the first country in the world to ban plastic plates, cups and utensils, passing a law that will go into effect in 2020. Exceptions will be allowed for items made of compostable, biosourced materials.

The new law is a part of the country’s Energy Transition for Green Growth Act, the same legislation that also outlawed plastic bags in grocery stores and markets beginning in July. Although plastic bags are forbidden in other countries — including in some U.S. states — no country seems to have embraced a plastic ban as sweeping as France’s will be.

The general idea behind the law — following the landmark conference held in Paris last fall on curbing global warming — is to promote a “circular economy” of waste disposal, “from product design to recycling,” French lawmakers say.

[A Maryland county’s nickel tax for plastic bags is paying off, but not as planned]

Objections to plastic as a material are well known. For one, it does not biodegrade and only breaks down into smaller and smaller particles, which pose a significant danger for wildlife that cannot always distinguish it from food sources, particularly in oceans. Aside from ecosystem disruptions, millions of barrels of oil are used every year in manufacturing plastic bags and utensils, playing what environmental activists call a significant role in climate change.

In the words of French President François Hollande, the ban is part of a larger push intended “to make France … an exemplary nation in terms of reducing greenhouse gas emissions, diversifying its energy model and increasing the deployment of renewable energy sources” -- starting, it would seem, with the forks and knives distributed at fast-food restaurants and the coffee cups in vending machines.

Not all share the enthusiasm of France’s Socialist government, which has made environmental progress one of its main goals. In Brussels, some argue that the laws violate existing European Union legislation regarding the free movement of goods and the protection of manufacturers.

Eamonn Bates, the secretary general of Pack2Go Europe, a Brussels-based association that represents packaging manufacturers on the continent, told the Associated Press that his organization will challenge France’s ban.

“We are urging the European Commission to do the right thing and to take legal action against France for infringing European law,” he said. “If they don’t, we will.”

Supporters of the ban wanted it to be introduced earlier, possibly as soon as 2017. But Ségolène Royal, the French environment minister, had initially considered it an “anti-social” provision, on the grounds that low-income families relied on plastic utensils and plates.

The ban was then postponed until 2020."
"Story highlights Ryan called for calm in Charlotte, but would not comment on Trump's ""stop and frisk"" proposals

Earlier this week Ryan said he wanted Congress to complete work on a criminal justice reform bill

Washington (CNN) House Speaker Paul Ryan ducked Thursday on whether he supports the ""stop and frisk"" policy pushed by Donald Trump.

""I don't have an answer for you because it's not something that I've familiarized myself with -- the constitutionality of it, its efficacy, whether (it) worked well in New York City or not,"" Ryan said after being pressed twice by reporters on the policy the GOP nominee wants to revive, despite court rulings finding it unconstitutional.

Ryan called for calm following the shooting in Charlotte, saying about the unrest in the city overnight, ""these images are just so heartbreaking and they are upsetting.""

""The loss of any life is a tragedy. The response to that though cannot be more violence. As leaders, it is responsibility to promote calm, peace and dialogue. We cannot allow our nation to be divided up along racial lines and so I hope leaders can come together to find solutions,"" Ryan said.

Read More"
"Charlotte Police REVEAL What They Said To Black Man Just Moments Before Shooting…

There has been a lot of speculation and anger surrounding the shooting of a black man by Charlotte police. Such anger, in fact, has bred more riots in North Carolina, which led to looting, theft of private property and the shutdown of I-85.

But all we’re being told is the side of things where the man was an innocent little cupcake on his way to volunteer at a soup kitchen before he read stories to blind, homeless children and donated all of his paycheck to the local animal shelter.

What is the story coming from the police officers involved in the shooting? Does anyone care? Does it even matter what the cops say happened? The riots have already started and the hatred is already coursing through the veins of people who are just looking for a reason to take to the streets, so will this change anything?

To those of us who actually uses our brains in these situations, it could make all the difference.

× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now

The Blaze posted the statement of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief on the incident.

Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Chief Kerr Putney said during a news conference Wednesday morning that officers were searching for a suspect Tuesday when they saw 43-year-old Keith Lamont Scott exit a vehicle with a handgun. He says the officers told him to drop the gun and that he got out of the vehicle a second time still carrying the gun. He says the man was shot because he posed a threat. “It’s time to change the narrative, because I can tell you from the facts that the story’s a little bit different as to how it’s been portrayed so far, especially through social media,” he said.

As an officer, you’re hearing about your brothers and sisters in blue being shot by thugs who have a chip on their shoulder. You hear this and then you see a man get out of his vehicle with a firearm. You tell him to put the gun down, and he refuses. Are you supposed to wait until he shoots first? If a man breaks into your house, are you supposed to wait until he actually harms you before you protect yourself? How does that even make sense?

Oh that’s right, it doesn’t. Of course, that doesn’t stop progressives from declaring that they know exactly how things should be happening. You know, with their degrees in women’s studies and art history, they’re clearly the most qualified people to be criticizing the actions of our law enforcement."
"Tim Kaine visits the Pulse night club in Orlando Monday evening. | Burgess Everett/POLITICO Kaine visits site of Orlando mass shooting

ORLANDO -- Tim Kaine visited the Pulse night club here on Monday evening, the site where gunman Omar Mateen killed 49 people in June.

The Virginia senator laid flowers at a memorial surrounding the club. He attended alongside former Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-Ariz.), who was injured in a mass shooting in 2011, as well as Giffords's husband astronaut Mark Kelly and Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.).

Story Continued Below

""The thing that's painful about this: this is a weird thing to say but I always hoped that Virginia Tech would be the worst one ever,"" Kaine told reporters after a quiet, 10-minute visit to the site. ""As bad as that was, I hoped nothing would ever eclipse it. But such is life. We got work to do.""

Kaine was Virginia's governor in 2007, when a shooter killed 32 people at the university.

Later Monday, Kaine, Giffords and Kelly are scheduled to attend a presidential debate watch party with LGBT activists here in Orlando.

Kaine's running mate, Hillary Clinton, visited Pulse in July.

Authors:"
"Obama weighs in on the debate

President Barack Obama hasn't changed his assessment of Donald Trump after Monday night's debate: The GOP nominee, he said on Tuesday, lacks the preparation and temperament for the presidency and can't be trusted to address serious threats like nuclear weapons and climate change.

The president unloaded on Trump during an interview with Ryan Seacrest in the wake of Trump's showdown with Hillary Clinton, which he watched from the Treaty Room of the White House.

Story Continued Below

Obama touted Clinton’s performance and her qualifications for the presidency, saying “she’s serious and does her homework.”

And he blasted Trump for not having the “preparations and the temperament or the core values of inclusion and making everybody, you know, have opportunities that would take our country forward.”

The president said his two biggest concerns for his daughters’ generation are the spread of nuclear weapons and the onset of climate change — adding that Trump falls short on both.

""I get worried when I hear somebody like Donald Trump start saying, 'Well, I don't necessarily know whether Japan or Korea should be protected by us. Maybe they should get their own nuclear weapons.' That shows somebody who doesn't pay attention to these issues, and you don't necessarily want close to the nuclear button,” Obama said. (Trump objected to a similar characterization of his views on East Asia during Monday's debate, saying it was ""wrong."")

Obama also took a shot at Trump for suggesting, in a November 2012 tweet, that climate change is a hoax created by China.

The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2012

""When you hear somebody like Trump say he thinks this is a plot by the Chinese, that this is a fraud and a hoax, when 99 percent of scientists are saying you've got to do something about it,"" Obama said, ""that worries me.""

Kellyanne Conway, Trump's campaign manager, said in a TV interview on Tuesday that he believes climate change is ""naturally occurring.""

Authors:"
"Donald Trump has a reputation in the media for being open and accessible to interview requests. He is known for a willingness to spout off to whoever sticks a microphone in front of his face, and it has helped him get this far as a political candidate.

But lately, as Trump has hired new handlers and other assorted campaign personnel, he has also been in something of a retreat. That is, Trump is only talking to Fox News right now.

Trump is saying “yes” to Fox News almost every day but saying “no” to most other major networks and news organizations — a highly unusual strategy for a presidential nominee. He called into “Fox & Friends” on Monday morning, he is booked on “The O’Reilly Factor” Monday night, and he has another town hall with Sean Hannity coming up on Wednesday. Rousing the base instead of reaching out to undecided voters may ultimately pay off for Trump. If nothing else, it limits the candidate’s exposure to hard-hitting questions — while fueling frustration among journalists.

At Fox News, Trump can avoid pesky follow-up questions about his support for the racist birther conspiracy, long after he claims to have dropped it. Fox News hosts won’t ask him why he reacts to possible terrorism by screaming about how he was right, rather than express condolences for the victims and support for law enforcement. At Fox News, Trump isn’t challenged – and that’s the way he wants it.

The problem is, wrapping up in the Fox News cocoon may feel good for the time being, but the way to win an election is to appeal to audiences outside of your base of comfort. Trump isn’t reaching out.

It is a strategy that shows up elsewhere in his campaign, where instead of following the model of successful politicians like George W. Bush and President Obama by holding campaign rallies in “swing” districts hoping to persuade voters, Trump has rallies with the converted.

On election day in 2012, Fox News viewers were shocked to find the Romney “landslide” the network had kept promoting was a harsh reality. They may be setting themselves up for a major failure.

Featured image via Flickr"
"Liberals in the media and the political arena thought that Hillary Clinton’s victory was in the bag. The rest of the campaign was a mere formality in order for her to make the White House her residence once again.

Her campaign’s plan was to lay low, out of the spotlight, make little to no contact with the press, and just let Donald Trump do all the talking and hopefully keep his foot in his mouth to draw all the media attention.

But now that the post-DNC honeymoon is over, they have to come back to reality and see that the election isn’t over, and that they had grossly underestimated Donald Trump and his campaign. Add to that Hillary’s frequent, inconvenient health episodes, and now even some Democrats are talking about a “Plan B.”

For the past few weeks, the poll numbers have closed in, with Donald Trump taking the lead in several key battleground states.

Now, even Hillary is asking why she isn’t “50 points ahead” of Trump?

At a campaign event in Las Vegas, Hillary video conferenced in to address the Labor International Union of North America. While she was talking about “investing in infrastructure, raising the minimum wage, and collective bargaining,” she raised the question:

“Having said all this, ‘Why aren’t I 50 points ahead?’ you might ask? Well, the choice for working families has never been clearer. I need your help to get Donald Trump’s record out to everybody. Nobody should be fooled.”

At another point in her speech, she encouraged her supporters to “stage an intervention” if they know anyone who supports Trump. “If you do know somebody who might be voting for Trump, stage an intervention,” she said. “Try to talk some sense into them. Lay out the facts. The facts are on our side, about what I’ve done versus what he’s done. Remember, friends don’t let friends vote for Trump.”

The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com"
"Bobby Knight: Nobody can 'correct mistakes' like Trump

Over the course of his 75 years on and off the basketball court, Bobby Knight said Wednesday that he has never met anyone who can fix mistakes quite like Donald Trump.

""There’s nobody that I’ve met in my lifetime that has a better grasp of how to correct mistakes and how to look at what’s wrong and how to correct what’s wrong and how to get it going right,"" Knight told an audience in Toledo, Ohio, his home state. ""And I think that is the most important thing that can be brought to the next president of the United States. And there’s nobody who has a better background in correcting things that are going wrong and getting things going in the right direction and developing those things — the best person ever has been Donald Trump.""

Story Continued Below

Back on the campaign trail with Trump after several months, Knight extolled the Republican nominee as ""not just an American; he’s a world figure.""

""He’s known all over the world. Donald Trump put a lot of businesses together,"" the coach continued. ""United States around the world. A lot of businesses. Created a lot of jobs, thousands of jobs for people around the world.""

And Trump, Knight later indicated, is the person for the White House.

""Believe me when I tell you, I think you’re all gonna agree on this: Our next president is gonna inherit a hell of a lot of problems, and it’s gonna take a problem solver to get us back where we want to be and where we should be, and there is no one that even comes close to being smart, tough and dedicated completely to the United States of America,"" Knight said. He noted that the next president would have to deal with the national debt, ""immigration problems and on and on.""

Remarking on his study of history, Knight said that he had come to the conclusion that ""when I need somebody on my side to help us with problems, he's the first man I want to choose and the first man I want to see.""

Knight, clad in a red, white and blue gingham shirt, acknowledged to the crowd that he doesn't ""dress as well as politicians dress, but I want you to know, and it’s for all of you folks, I wore my red, white and blue shirt today.""

""And I think that when you leave, I hope you all go out and buy a red, white and blue shirt, because it’s indicative of your love for the greatest country in the world, the United States,"" Knight said.

Authors:"
"BREAKING: Pipe Bombs Found in New Jersey Train Station

First a pipe bomb exploded on the Jersey Shore, then New York was next. Now, pipe bombs have been found in a New Jersey train station. According to the New York Daily News, “authorities discovered three pipe bombs and two smaller devices at a train station in Elizabeth.”

NEW JERSEY: Elizabeth Mayor says a bag with wires and pipes was found in a trash can near NJT Station, FBI on scene. https://t.co/q60LGGS52o — KolHaolam (@KolHaolam) September 19, 2016

Since all of these bombs have been found in a relatively small area, it seems likely that a small team or even a single individual is behind it. Although Islamic terrorism would seem to be the most likely explanation, there have been “mad bombers” who’ve done this sort of thing before (See Ted Kaczynski & George Metesky).

× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now

Is their motive simply to cause terror? Are they trying to create mass casualties, but failing to do so? We don’t know yet. However, the FBI has arrested 5 people they believe may be connected to the Chelsea bombing investigation.

That being said, none of these people have been charged, which could mean they’re collecting evidence or alternately, these people may end up having nothing to do with the case.

Goodnight! Stay safe #NewYork & #NewJersey

Verrazano Traffic Stop Part of NYC Bomb Investigation: FBIhttps://t.co/vFaerCuZJM — ღڿڰۣڿCheleBelleڿڰۣڿღ (@NYMichele) September 19, 2016

As always in the immediate aftermath of a situation like this, details are sketchy. Keep tuned to Right Wing News and we’ll bring you more information as it becomes available."
"Story highlights The interview is part of the Clinton campaign's attempt to show a funnier, softer side

President Barack Obama also sat down with Zach Galifianakis to tout the Affordable Care Act

(CNN) Hillary Clinton sat down for an interview with the irreverent Zach Galifianakis and almost immediately -- albeit jokingly -- regretted it.

Clinton sat down with the comedian on September 9, the day her doctor diagnosed her with pneumonia. Clinton, who was introduced as ""Had Pneumonia"" at the start of the video , plays along with Galifianakis' off-color humor and shows a bit of comedy herself.

""When you see how well it works for Donald Trump, do you think to yourself, oh maybe I should be more racist,"" the comedian asks Clinton, who just shakes her head and laughs.

Galifianakis also knocks Clinton for going to Trump's 2005 wedding to Melania Trump.

""When you went to Donald Trump's wedding, did he write his own vows? And did Michelle Obama write Melania's,"" the comedian says, a joke about how Trump's wife plagiarized the first lady in her speech to the Republican National Convention.

Read More"
"Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… July, 2017 June, 2017 May, 2017 April, 2017 March, 2017 February, 2017 January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016

Magistrate won't order federal arraignment for bombing suspect

A federal magistrate has turned down a request from defense lawyers that the man accused of the weekend bombings in New York and New Jersey be immediately arraigned on a set of federal charges he is facing.

Manhattan-based U.S. Magistrate Judge Gabriel Gorenstein agreed with federal prosecutors that suspect Ahmad Rahami need not have an initial federal court appearance until he is taken into federal custody. And, by all appearances, he's currently in the custody of local officials in New Jersey, the magistrate said.

""The [federal] Government explicitly denies that it has arrested the defendant. There is no evidence to the contrary,"" Gorenstein wrote in a two-page order released Wednesday evening.

Gorenstein noted that defense lawyers said ""it is undisputed that federal law enforcement are involved in detaining and questioning"" Rahami.

""In fact, this question is very much in dispute,"" the magistrate wrote. ""The Government asserts unequivocally that the defendant 'is not in federal custody ... Whether there are federal authorities questioning defendant does not address the issue of custody. At this point, the Court has no evidence whatsoever from anyone with personal knowledge that the defendant is being detained by any federal officer.""

The magistrate also rejected defense lawyers' claims that a federal court rule requires Rahami be promptly arraigned on the federal charges even if he is arrested by state authorities.

Gorenstein not only declined to schedule a court appearance for Rahami, who's at a Newark hospital and could have been arraigned there, but said he lacks authority to appoint the court's indigent defense providers at the Federal Defenders of New York to formally represent Rahami.

Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Wednesday morning that Rahami will be brought to New York City in the ""near future"" to face the federal complaint there, which is expected to take precedence over attempted murder charges filed in county court in New Jersey and another federal complaint in the Garden State.

A spokesman for U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara’s office declined to comment on the decision, saying the ruling could speak for itself.

The defense attorney who asked for the arraignment, James Patton, did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the magistrate’s decision.

Josh Gerstein is a senior reporter for POLITICO."
"Story highlights A final lab test of ISIS weapon fired on US troops tested negative for mustard agent

US forces were fired on last week by ISIS, initial tests showed a chemical weapon was used

Washington (CNN) The American-led military coalition against ISIS said Tuesday that a final laboratory test of the weapon ISIS fired at a US-Iraqi base in northern Iraq last week did not contain a mustard agent as earlier believed.

Col. John Dorrian, a spokesperson for the anti-ISIS coalition, tweeted that ""definitive"" lab results show the munitions that hit Qayyara air base on September 20 was not a chemical weapon.

Definitive lab tests conclude: No mustard agent present in munitions fired at Qayyarah West AB Sept 20. #Daesh #ISIL — OIR Spokesman (@OIRSpox) September 27, 2016

Initial field tests of what has been described as either a rocket or artillery shell did indeed test positive for the chemical weapon and US personnel were required to undergo decontamination.

Last week, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Joseph Dunford, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that ""we assess it to be a sulfur mustard blister agent"" when asked about the attack.

Military officials had told CNN that a second test of the weapon had produced negative results while a third lab test was inconclusive. The most recent test announced by Dorrian represents the final test of the weapon.

Read More"
"The recent connected bombings in New York and New Jersey and the stabbing attack at a mall in Minnesota have increased interest in how the presidential candidates would handle national security.

Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump have spoken out since the attacks, which left dozens of people injured.

John Cohen, a former counterterrorism coordinator for the Department of Homeland Security, said he believes that the terrorist attacks that have occurred during the campaign ""have a significant impact"" on voters.

""When events occur like this ... you tend to have people become more fearful, and when people are more fearful, they tend to gravitate towards a candidate who appears to be more strong,"" said Cohen, who currently works as an ABC News consultant.

Three of the latest national polls — all conducted before the attacks this weekend — had Clinton leading when respondents were asked whom they trust to handle the issue of terrorism.

In an ABC News/Washington Post poll released Sept. 11, Clinton led, 50 percent to Trump's 41 percent among all adults and 48 percent to Trump's 45 percent among likely voters when asked about who was more trusted to handle terrorism.

A CBS/New York Times poll released Sept. 14 had Clinton doing ""a better job handling terrorism and national security"" according to 49 percent of respondents, compared with Trump's 45 percent.

The split was closest in a Quinnipiac poll released Sept. 15, in which respondents were asked who they thought would do a better job keeping the country safe from terrorism, ""regardless of how you intend to vote."" In that poll, Clinton got 49 percent to Trump's 47 percent.

""Traditionally, it's been the Republican Party who has projected strength and awareness in the area of law enforcement and homeland security, but today that's kind of flipped because, despite his rhetoric, there are a number of national security experts who have raised concerns about the level of understanding that Donald Trump has as it relates to terrorism and national security threats,"" Cohen said.

Andres Kudacki/AP Photo

Current events are factoring into the political campaigns, with the candidates scheduling speeches about national security in the wake of attacks. But Cohen said political rhetoric could also be affecting and even motivating the attacks themselves.

He said Trump's rhetoric and calls to bar foreign Muslims from entering the United States ""may even serve to further along those who are becoming inspired to act on [ISIS'] behalf.""

James Campbell, a professor of political science at the University at Buffalo in New York who has written a book about political polarization, told ABC News that he believes the attacks translate to a potential advantage for Trump.

""I have to think that terrorist events in this country help Trump and hurt Clinton. For these events to be occurring with the frequency they do may be read by many as a failure of the current administration and particularly its foreign policy team to effectively deal with the problem,"" he said.

""It may also suggest that we need a tougher approach to dealing with terrorism, an approach associated with Trump. When suspects are identified who have Muslim-sounding names, then that may further fuel support for tougher immigration standards and scrutiny,"" Campbell added."
"Lester Holt, who anchors ""NBC Nightly News,"" will be the moderatorfor the first debate. | Getty Everything you need to know about Trump and Clinton’s first 2016 presidential debate

When is the first general election presidential debate?

The first general election presidential debate of 2016 will be held at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York on Sept. 26.

Story Continued Below

What time is the debate and how long is it?

The debate will start at 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time and run for 90 minutes without commercial breaks.

How can I watch the debate?

It will be broadcast on all of the major television networks, as well as the websites for major cable news channels and C-SPAN.

Who will participate in the debate?

Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and celebrity real estate mogul Donald Trump. No other candidates qualified.

Who will moderate the debate?

Lester Holt, who anchors ""NBC Nightly News,"" will be the moderator. It’s his second time serving in that role in the 2016 presidential cycle. Holt was also a moderator for the Democratic primary debate on January 17. On February 15, 2015 Holt became the substitute anchor of NBC Nightly News after Brian Williams was suspended. Four months later he became the permanent anchor.

What is the format of the debate?

The debate will be divided into six segments of 15 minutes each. Each segment will start with a question from Holt, after which each candidates will have two minutes for an initial response and then will be allowed to respond to each other. On Monday, the Commission on Presidential Debates announced the tentative topics for the debate: “America's direction,” “achieving prosperity,” and “securing America.” The topics are subject to change based on news developments, according to the commission.

Why aren't Jill Stein or Gary Johnson participating in the debate?

Libertarian Party presidential nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein were not invited by the presidential debate commission. The commission said it would only invite candidates that averaged 15 percent in five national polls it selected. Neither Johnson nor Stein made that threshold.

What's at stake for Hillary Clinton?

The debate is Clinton’s chance to turn the page on a few weeks during which Trump has eaten much of the polling lead she built following her convention. Clinton’s camp has also been counting on her policy knowledge and debate experience to help her expose Trump’s weaknesses, but the Democratic candidate also comes in facing higher expectations than Trump.

What's at stake for Donald Trump?

Trump has been accused lacking policy gravitas and self-restraint, and both of those perceived weaknesses could be exposed in a debate, where candidates will be grilled on their familiarity with issues foreign and domestic and be expected to keep composed under rhetorical assault from their opponents. Trump has the advantage, however, of low expectations: At several turns in the presidential campaign, even modest pivots away from his bombastic primary style were hailed as pivots to professionalism, and a similar self-restraint — provided he still hits the high notes his supporters are expected — could help him clear the low bar again.

What is the most watched debate in presidential history?

In 1980 the debate between President Jimmy Carter and Republican presidential nominee Ronald Reagan garnered a viewership of 80.6 million people, the largest television audience for a debate since Nielsen Ratings began collecting viewership data in 1976. In 2012, the first general election presidential debate between President Barack Obama and Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney attracted about 70 million viewers.

What's the most-watched television moment of all time?

Super Bowl XLIX in 2015 on NBC is currently the most watched television program in U.S. history, attracting 114 million viewers, according to NBC News. The New England Patriots played against the Seattle Seahawks, winning the game 28-24.

Still, that pales in comparison to the estimated 600 million people worldwide who watched Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin make the first moon landing on July 20, 1969, or the estimated 750 million people worldwide that watched Prince Charles of Wales marry Lady Diana Spencer on July 29, 1981.

Authors:"
"Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… July, 2017 June, 2017 May, 2017 April, 2017 March, 2017 February, 2017 January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016

Ahmad Khan Rahami is taken into custody after a shootout with police Monday in Linden, N.J. | Nicolaus Czarnecki/Boston Herald via AP U.S. attorney sees no rush to arraign Rahami in federal court

Federal prosecutors are pushing back against a demand by defense lawyers that New York and New Jersey bombing suspect Ahmad Rahami be arraigned immediately on federal charges he is facing.

Late Tuesday, defense attorneys wrote to federal magistrate judge Gabriel Gorenstein asking that Rahami be promptly informed of the charges against him at a court proceeding that would also formally advise him of his right to counsel and his right to remain silent.

However, prosecutors from the office of U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara said in a letter to the magistrate Wednesday that Rahami isn't in federal custody so there is no legal obligation for the federal courts to get involved.

""The defendant in this case, Ahmad Khan Rahami, a/k/a 'Ahmad Rahimi,' has not been arrested on any federal charge. He is not in federal custody. He is in the custody of the State of New Jersey, on state charges, and is subject to a bail package issued by the New Jersey state court,"" federal prosecutors wrote. ""While a writ of habeas corpus ad prosequendum has been lodged with the United States Marshals Service, it has not been executed, and there has been no such federal arrest.""

The writ referred to in the federal prosecutors' letter would require state or local officials to hand over Rahami to federal authorities for prosecution. Rahami is facing five attempted murder charges in a New Jersey court in connection with a shootout Monday morning in which the suspect and two police officers were wounded. Rahami is currently in a Newark hospital. A judge has set $5.2 million bail and an initial county court appearance for Sept. 28.

Defense lawyers contend that Rahami has been ""without the benefit of counsel"" since his arrest, but it's unclear whether he's been advised of his Miranda rights or whether he's made some decision not to meet with an attorney. Lawmakers briefed on the investigation say he has not been cooperating.

While Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Wednesday that Rahami would be taken to Manhattan in the ""near future,"" the letter from prosecutors evinces no urgency to such a move. Prosecutors say Rahami has no rights in the federal system at the moment, including a right to counsel.

The letter indicates that lawyers from the Federal Defenders office in New York have sought appointment in Rahami's case, but prosecutors say that's ""plainly premature"" until he is brought to court. Prosecutors cited a series of terrorism cases where judges ruled defendants were not entitled to court-appointed counsel until they appear in court.

Court records show no immediate action from Gorenstein on the request for Rahami's arraignment or the defense lawyers' request to be appointed as his counsel in the case.

Josh Gerstein is a senior reporter for POLITICO.

Authors:"
"Story highlights Ted Cruz refused to endorse Trump earlier this year, but is under pressure to change his mind now

Cruz could face a primary challenge in 2018 from a fellow Republican

Washington (CNN) Rep. Trent Franks backed Ted Cruz during the GOP presidential primary, but he now has a message for the Texas Republican: Get in line behind Donald Trump.

""Any person in this party that does not support Trump at this point is increasing the chances of Hillary Clinton becoming president and destroying the Constitution,"" Franks said.

JUST WATCHED Cruz: I won't support those who attack my wife Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cruz: I won't support those who attack my wife 01:51

On the other side, Cruz backers say that the first-term senator should stick to his guns and withhold an endorsement -- or risk angering his own supporters who detest Trump.

""I have five rules for political endorsements,"" said Steve Deace, an Iowa radio talk show host who was an outspoken Cruz backer during the primary. ""And Cruz endorsing Trump violates every single one of them.""

Less than two months until Election Day, Trump has once again put Cruz in a bind. As Trump's poll numbers rise and now is neck-and-neck against Clinton, the GOP nominee's backers are looking for every last ounce of support to showcase that there is momentum and energy behind his campaign. If Trump falls short of Clinton by a narrow margin, Trump's backers are bound to blame holdouts like Cruz for failing to do more to help their party.

Read More"
"“Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years,” Donald Trump tweets. | AP Photo Trump hits Clinton on Islamic State: ‘It is time for change’

Donald Trump called for a change Tuesday in how the U.S. handles the terror threat of the Islamic State, a shift away from President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton's policies.

“Crooked Hillary has been fighting ISIS, or whatever she has been doing, for years,” Trump tweeted Tuesday morning. “Now she has new ideas. It is time for change.”

Story Continued Below

Following a series of planted bombs in New York and New Jersey over the weekend and a stabbing in Minnesota, Trump on Monday hammered Clinton on her record amid increasing concerns regarding the terrorist network and the threat of domestic attacks.

The real estate mogul again blamed Clinton and Obama for refusing to utter the words “radical Islamic terrorism” and accused them of emboldening terrorists across the globe.

“Today, Hillary Clinton showed again that she will say anything — and blame anyone — to shift attention away from the weakness she showed as Secretary of State,” he said in a statement Monday, adding that terrorists are “hoping and praying that Hillary Clinton becomes President so that they can continue their savagery and murder.”

Trump vowed to “bring an end to these senseless acts of violence” and condemned the White House, whose spokesman referred to the battle against the Islamic State as a “narrative fight.”

“They are wrong to say that we’re in a fight about ‘narratives,’” Trump said. “These terrorists pose an existential threat to our country, our values, and our way of life.”

Authors:"
"Newark (CNN) Former Port Authority executives and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie staffers planned to make the traffic from the September 2013 lane closures at the George Washington Bridge ""as bad as possible,"" according to testimony heard in federal court Monday.

David Wildstein, former Port Authority director of Interstate Capital Projects, testified that in June 2013, Bridget Kelly, Christie's former deputy chief of staff, was upset that their office had not secured the endorsement of the Democratic mayor of Fort Lee New Jersey, Mark Sokolich, for Christie's reelection campaign.

Wildstein, who has previously pleaded guilty to one charge of conspiracy to commit fraud on federally funded property and one civil rights violation, told Kelly that shutting down access lanes to the George Washington Bridge to put some political pressure on Sokolich was an option, according to his testimony.

Wildstein is testifying as part of his plea deal. Sokolich testified last week that being a ""Democrat in a Democratic town"" put him in an uncomfortable position vis-a-vis a Christie endorsement, and he eventually declined because he did not want to ""alienate anyone.""

On August 13, 2013, and as CNN has previously reported, Wildstein received an email from Kelly saying: ""Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee.""

""Got it,"" Wildstein responded.

A phone call with Kelly the same day established the lane closures would go forward, it was revealed in testimony Monday.

""I did not question senior officials in the office of the governor,"" Wildstein said in court when asked if he questioned the decision.

Wildstein became the de facto organizer of the eventual lane closures, and communicated every step of the way with Kelly and his then-boss, former Port Authority deputy executive director, Bill Baroni, according to his testimony.

Wildstein and Kelly discussed and agreed that there would be no advance notice of the closures to Fort Lee officials or the public. They discussed how the Port Authority would respond to any inquiries, and agreed that all calls would be directed to Baroni's office and Baroni would not return the calls, testimony revealed.

This ""radio silence"" policy was discussed with and approved by Baroni, Wildstein said.

Wildstein testified that that lack of advance notice was to ""maximize the impact on Fort Lee."" Wildstein also recalled discussing the timing of the closures with Baroni and Kelly.

Baroni asked when the first day of school in Fort Lee was, and when Wildstein told Baroni it was September 9, Baroni smiled and said, ""Fantastic,"" according to Wildstein's testimony. Kelly agreed on the September 9 date.

Wildstein testified that his initial plan was to shut down all three Fort Lee access lanes, but after discussing the matter with Port Authority engineers who feared this could cause ""sideswipe crashes,"" Wildstein recommended to Baroni and Kelly that they shut down two lanes.

On Friday, September 6, 2013, Wildstein informed several Port Authority staffers of the closures that were scheduled to begin on Monday, September 9.

Bob Durando, Port Authority general manager of the George Washington Bridge expressed concern, telling Wildstein that the closures would cause a ""mess.""

Wildstein told Durando the closures would be going forward, and to prepare accordingly.

""I told him not to say anything to anybody,"" Wildstein testified. Wildstein told Durando to direct any inquiries he gets during the closures to Baroni's office.

Wildstein then informed former Port Authority chief engineer, Peter Zipf, of the closures, and asked Zipf to organize a way to get ""some numbers"" on the traffic patterns.

Wildstein also informed Cedrick Fulton, Port Authority director of Tunnels, Bridges and Terminals. Fulton asked if Port Authority executive director, Patrick Foye, was aware. Wildstein testified that he told Fulton ""yes,"" but that this was a lie.

All of these staffers were under the impression that the closures were part of a traffic study.

On the day the closures began, Wildstein watched the traffic build up on screens inside a Port Authority administration building on the Fort Lee side of the George Washington Bridge.

""I knew the plan that I had set into motion was working,"" Wildstein testified.

A Port Authority lieutenant also drove Wildstein around Fort Lee so Wildstein could see the traffic on the ground.

Wildstein testified that he called Kelly that morning to tell her that traffic was building up, and ""she was pleased.""

Several calls and emails began coming in to Baroni and Wildstein from Fort Lee officials, including the mayor, Sokolich, but their plan of ""radio silence"" was put into effect and no messages were returned.

Last week, Wildstein testified that Baroni's role at the bi-state agency was essentially to be a representative of Christie's administration and that their top priority was to represent Christie's office's interests.

Wildstein said he created a phrase that he and Baroni often used, ""the one constituent rule."" This referred to the fact that Governor Christie's opinion or good favor was the only one that mattered when it came to Port Authority affairs. Wildstein and Baroni used the ""one constituent rule"" as a barometer by which decisions would be made.

Kelly and Baroni face conspiracy and fraud charges in connection with Bridgegate. Their attorneys have previously said they will both testify in their own defenses."
"Bono: ‘Trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America’

Donald Trump is the antithesis of the United States, according to U2 frontman Bono, who called the Republican presidential nominee “potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America.”

“Look, America is like the best idea the world ever came up with,” Bono, whose real name is Paul David Hewson, told “CBS This Morning” in an interview broadcast Tuesday. “But Donald Trump is potentially the worst idea that ever happened to America. Potentially.”

Story Continued Below

Bono pointed to nations like Ireland and Great Britain as great countries but suggested that America is different because it’s an idea, one that Trump is “trying to hijack.”

“That idea is bound up in justice and equality for all — equality and justice for all, you know,” he continued. “I think he’s hijacked the party. I think he’s trying to hijack the idea of America. And I think it’s bigger than all of us. I think it’s — it’s — this is really dangerous.”

Authors:"
"Story highlights The campaigns of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are both targeting Florida

It's living up to its reputation as a perennial swing state

(CNN) Florida -- a perennial swing state -- is living up to its reputation ahead of the November election.

A CNN/ORC poll last week found Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump almost evenly matched.

The survey among likely voters gave Trump 47% to Clinton's 44% -- with a 3.5% margin of error -- wiping out Clinton's bump following the Democratic convention in August. With 50 days until the election, Florida political experts say it's anyone's guess who will come out on top in the Sunshine State.

""So if I had to call it today, it would simply be, flip a coin,"" says USF Tampa political scientist Susan MacManus, a distinguished professor at the University of South Florida. ""We're to the point where anything is possible. This is just one of those kind of elections.""

All eyes are on central Florida's I-4 corridor, historically responsible for swinging elections in either direction. The area stretching from Tampa to Daytona Beach is diverse in politics, age, racial make-up and social economics.

Read More"
"The earliest actual poll to come out of last night’s debate was a CNN/ORC poll showing that 62 percent of respondents believed Hillary had won the debate. However, there are a ton of polls that were conducted online that say Trump won in a landslide. How can that be?

Here’s The Huffington Post to answer that question:

Are polls like this an accurate measure of how the electorate responded to Monday’s debate? — Huffington Post (@HuffingtonPost) September 27, 2016

Why is this obvious joke of a poll so damning for all the online polls claiming Trump destroyed Hillary? Because this shows how online polls are meaningless. CNN actually contacted people. Anybody and everybody can answer an online poll. The results generally skew heavily to one side or the other, depending on the outlet’s usual audience and which organizations/social media channels post poll links.

There’s also the fact that Trumpkins from both 4chan and Reddit were stuffing last night’s poll boxes, proving how easy it is to manipulate online polls.

Of course, the Trumpkins aren’t happy with HuffPo at all for blowing those delusions out of the water:

@HuffingtonPost someone’s upset that #Trumpwins — Jim (@Jimbags12) September 27, 2016

@HuffingtonPost are middle schoolers doing reporting for you guys? — Timothy j. sims (@Timothyjsims2) September 27, 2016

Hope no one at Clemson got triggered for seeing this racist tweet. @HuffingtonPost pic.twitter.com/0KxxsNnMh5 — Michael Benson (@KeyMrB) September 27, 2016

@HuffingtonPost Please vote Hillary or else Bill Clinton will do things to me ? pic.twitter.com/CsOON8nF3Y — Pneumonia WarMachine (@z3no_of_citium) September 27, 2016

And, obviously, we can always count on Trump himself to only tout the polls that say he won, because anything that doesn’t show him as the winner, as the god he wants to be, is biased and unfair, and, well, who cares about those outlets anyway:

I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate – except for the little watched @CNN poll. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016

The #1 trend on Twitter right now is #TrumpWon – thank you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016

Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in – and the MOVEMENT wins!#AmericaFirst #MAGA #ImWithYouhttps://t.co/3KWOl2ibaW pic.twitter.com/sfCEE3I5pF — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2016

He tweeted a story from the Daily Mail, too, that carries a headline saying, “Majority of snap polls show Trump won debate by a landslide despite CNN’s overwhelming victory for Hillary in biggest official survey.” They actually looks like they’re calling the results of the CNN poll into question with screencaps of every online poll in existence.

Self-selecting polls aside, the result is pretty damn clear. Hillary won.

Featured image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images"
"Story highlights Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Kaine says third-party Libertarian candidates will lose

He acknowledged that he and Clinton will make a case to voters who may be considering Johnson

(CNN) Democratic vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine has a message for voters considering a third-party candidate: They're going to lose.

""The argument against the ticket is, I think, everybody knows that they're not going to win,"" Kaine said of the Gary Johnson and Bill Weld Libertarian ticket in an interview with Yahoo News' Katie Couric this week.

Hillary Clinton's running mate pointed to the 2000 election as evidence that a protest vote for a third-party candidate can affect the outcome of the race -- and history.

""My argument against the (Johnson-Weld) ticket is the Al Gore-George W. Bush race in 2000. The third party candidacy of Ralph Nader cost Gore electoral votes in New Hampshire and Florida. And if Gore had been president, we probably wouldn't had a war in Iraq,"" he said. ""Casting a vote, a protest vote, for a third-party candidate that's going to lose may well affect the outcome. It may well lead to a consequence that is deeply, deeply troubling. That's not a speculation, we've seen it in our country's history.""

Read More"
"If there’s anyone in this day and age who most definitely doesn’t mince words, and will say what needs to be said, it’s Vice President Joe Biden.

While speaking in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on a campaign stop for Hillary Clinton, Biden tore into some of the remarks from Monday’s debate. Especially when Donald Trump seemed to think it’s perfectly fine to screw over the American people, or benefit from their sorrow.

Biden said:

“This is a guy who said — and wants to be president — that it was good business for him to see the housing market fail. What in the hell is he talking about?”

Adding:

“Every president I have served with, including Republicans, has had a moral center about what it was to be an American, about what we’re supposed to do, about what basic fundamental rights are.”

Then really getting to the core of it, he said:

“He does not have the basic fundamental sensibilities and values that almost every American politician left, right and center I know have. They disagree on how to make things better for you, but they don’t take pleasure from ‘You’re fired.’ They don’t take pleasure knowing that they will benefit.”

Biden also talked about how Trump seems proud of not paying taxes. Taxes that all of us have to pay and don’t have the luxury of manipulating the tax code to our advantage.

“He acknowledged that he didn’t pay taxes because, he said, he’s smart. Makes him smart. Tell that to the janitor in here who’s paying taxes. Tell that to your mothers and fathers who are breaking their neck to send you here who are paying their taxes. No I really mean it. It angers me.”

Biden knows, as we should all know by this point in the election, who the better choice is for Commander-in-Chief. He reiterates:

“If this choice isn’t clear, I don’t know –- my lord… What bothers me about this race is how palpable his cynicism is about the American people.”

And it’s true, the choice is abundantly clear — Hillary Rodham Clinton should and will be our next president.

Watch Biden lay into Trump here:

WATCH: VP Biden goes off on Trump over Trump’s comments about not paying taxes: “It angers me! … What in the hell is he talking about!?” pic.twitter.com/Qg5L5HcnvL — NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) September 27, 2016

Featured image via video screen capture"
"The Department of Homeland Security's inspector general said that 858 people who were ordered to be deported or removed instead eventually received citizenship. | AP Photo U.S. mistakenly granted citizenship to hundreds of immigrants

At least 858 people who had previously been ordered to be deported or removed from the U.S. were instead granted citizenship, the Department of Homeland Security’s inspector general announced Monday.

The mistaken citizenships were granted, the Department of Homeland Security explained in a press release, because neither its digital fingerprint repository nor the FBI’s fingerprint repository contain exhaustive records of individuals who have previously been deported.

Story Continued Below

The discovery was made by the Department of Homeland Security’s office of inspector general, which released a report Monday on the incomplete fingerprint records and the mistakenly granted citizenships. The Department of Homeland Security’s records are incomplete, the release said, because paper fingerprint cards used before 2008 were not consistently digitized. The FBI’s records are incomplete because fingerprints collected during immigration enforcement activities were not always shared with the bureau.

The inspector general's report specified that those granted citizenship were only ""potentially"" ineligible and were not necessarily granted citizenship incorrectly. A statement from the Department of Homeland Security said that the department is taking steps to correct the issues that led to the incomplete fingerprint records and that not all applicants whose records were incomplete wound up being granted citizenship.

""It is important to note that the fact that fingerprint records in these cases may have been incomplete at the time of the naturalization interview does not necessarily mean that the applicant was in fact granted naturalization, or that the applicant obtained naturalization fraudulently. Preliminary results from the file reviews show that in a significant number of these cases naturalization had been denied and that, in some, naturalization was not improperly granted,"" department spokesman Neema Hakim said in the statement. ""Other cases are subject to ongoing criminal investigation or to denaturalization proceedings that are pending or completed.""

In at least three cases, the inspector general’s office discovered previously-deported individuals who were granted citizenship and then obtained clearance for “security-sensitive work at commercial airports or maritime facilities and vessels.” The release said all three have since had their security credentials revoked.

“This situation created opportunities for individuals to gain the rights and privileges of U.S. citizenship through fraud,” Inspector General John Roth said. “To prevent fraud and ensure thorough review of naturalization applications, [U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services] needs access to these fingerprint records.”

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has made the vetting of immigrants as they enter the U.S. a major part of his presidential platform, suggesting during the GOP primary that America temporarily ban all Muslims from entering the U.S. until a more stringent vetting process could be put in place. He has since backed away from that proposal, which drew widespread criticism from both parties, in favor of a ban on immigration from “any nation that has been compromised by terrorism.”

Authors:"
"The pressure is on Hillary Clinton.

Insiders in both parties agree: Clinton, having lost most of her lead over the past few weeks and bringing more experience to the stage, faces higher expectations than Donald Trump when the two square off for the first debate on Long Island.

Story Continued Below

That’s according to The POLITICO Caucus — a panel of activists, strategists and operatives in 11 key battleground states. Roughly equal percentages of Democrats (69 percent) and Republicans (74 percent) said Clinton is under more pressure to perform than Trump. But Democrats mostly lamented the low expectations for Trump, a relative political neophyte who has exhibited little command of the issues.

“She shouldn't be [under more pressure], but so long as he avoids standing on stage and vomiting on himself, the press will give Trump a glowing review,” said a Nevada Democrat — who, like all respondents, completed the survey anonymously. “Hillary will need a strong performance to demonstrate that she passes and Trump fails the commander-in-chief test.”

“The media and Trump himself have set the bar too low for Trump,” a New Hampshire Democrat added. “Presidents don't get graded on a curve, and candidates in debates shouldn't be either.”

One Ohio Democrat detected a double standard for the first female major-party nominee.

“Hillary Clinton has spent a public lifetime of being held to a strikingly different standard, and this debate will be no exception,” said the Ohio Democrat. “She will have to answer every single question flawlessly, exude gravitas, look presidential, channel Bill's and Barack's oratorical mastery, not raise her voice, not cough, wear an acceptable pantsuit, smile enough, be likable, not laugh and have a good hair day. Donald Trump will just have to show up.”

Republicans also said Clinton was under greater scrutiny on Monday night, but for different reasons: tightening polls that show Trump eclipsing Clinton in some battleground states.

“Somehow she needs to reverse the trend,” said an Ohio Republican. “Never seen anyone do it before. This will be her chance — and maybe her last chance.”

“She has to stop [Trump’s] momentum with a strong debate performance, and she has to be able to stand on the stage for 90 minutes and look healthy for 90 minutes or the whole issue of her health comes back with a vengeance,” added a Virginia Republican. “All [Trump] has to do is not say anything racist or sexist and look like he could be president.”

Among those insiders who said Trump was under more pressure — 31 percent of Democrats and 26 percent of Republicans — most pointed to the GOP nominee’s volatile personality.

“Hillary Clinton is expected to do well. She is a policy wonk,” said a Michigan Republican. “The pressure is on Donald Trump not to lose his cool. He has been doing very well in his public appearances, but that is with the assistance of a TelePrompTer. He will have no such help at the debate, and if I were coaching Hillary Clinton, I would be encouraging her to get him as riled up as possible. To win the debate, all Trump really needs to do is meet expectations, keep his cool, and look presidential.”

“The question we are all waiting to have answered is: Can he be serious?” added a Michigan Democrat. “Can he answer questions directly? How will he react (or overreact) when he is directly challenged? Can he control his temper?”

Two other takeaways from the pre-debate survey:

Most insiders expect Clinton to “win” the debate.

Majorities in both parties peg Clinton as most likely to be the victor on Monday night: 76 percent of Democrats and 59 percent of Republicans.

“Media look at who best answered questions, and that will likely be Hillary,” said an Iowa Republican.

“[Clinton’s] mastery of issues and policies and no-nonsense delivery will prevail over bluster, name-calling and promises that can never be kept,” added a New Hampshire Democrat.

But not all Democrats were so optimistic about Clinton — or the media through which voters will interpret the debate.

“The press wants Trump to win,” said a Florida Democrat. “Their disdain for her, plus desire to keep the race alive, means unless he really screws up, they'll give him the win on the most absurd grade curve ever.”

Some Republicans also claimed media bias — in the other direction.

“The media has never been more in the tank for a candidate in modern history: CNN, NBC, ABC and POLITICO will all say she won,” a Virginia Republican said. “But then again everyone also 'knew' that Carter beat Reagan in their debate as well.”

Insiders think the debate will matter.

Asked whether they expect the debate to have a significant impact on the race, most insiders in both parties think it will generate momentum for one of the candidates.

Among Democratic insiders, 66 percent believe Clinton will benefit from the debate, 11 percent think Trump will get a bounce and 23 percent don’t expect the debate to move the needle.

“Trump will flounder, ramble and lie (because he always does),” a Michigan Democrat predicted. “The moderators will challenge him, and he'll get mad. He'll complain afterwards that they picked on him and favored Hillary. First impressions are hard to shake off, and this won't go well for him.”

The numbers were flipped for Republicans, with slightly less enthusiasm for the GOP standard-bearer: 52 percent think the debate will help Trump, 26 percent think it will help Clinton and 22 percent said it wouldn’t have a significant impact.

“Trump has the most to gain by appearing presidential and even-tempered,” said a New Hampshire Republican. “He does that successfully, and he cuts into Hillary's greatest strength.”

But some Republicans said Clinton could stunt Trump’s momentum with a strong performance Monday night.

“If she pins his ears back, [it helps her],” said an Iowa Republican. “If it's a draw, it's a net negative for her. She has to have something to stop his momentum. She's got to hit him with a brick.”

Other insiders, however, doubted whether the debate would have a significant, permanent effect on the race.

“We're past the era of the big debate swings: the bloodless Dukakis death penalty answer, the Reagan age quip, the Bentsen 'you're no John Kennedy' moments,” an Iowa Republican said. “Swing voters are like the California Condor, a critically endangered species disappearing at an alarming rate. Opinion media, partisan polarization, and two highly unpopular candidates make this a battle over a very small group of voters in about a dozen states, and whatever bounce comes out of this debate will dissipate as quickly as it appears.”

Added a Florida Democrat: “Does a damn thing matter this year? I think not.”

These are the members of The POLITICO Caucus, not all of whom participated in this special survey:

Colorado: Ryan Call, Laura Carno, Matt Chandler, Will Coyne, Adam Eichberg, Mark Ferrandino, Cole Finegan, Michael Fortney, Andrew Freedman, Ted Harvey, Craig Hughes, Owen Loftus, Pete Maysmith, Frank McNulty, Karen Middleton, Christopher Murray, BJ Nikkel, Josh Penry, Rick Ridder, Alan Salazar, Janice Sinden, Pat Steadman, Pat Waak, Steve Welchert, Taylor West, Roxane White, Rob Witwer

Florida: Fernand Amandi, Scott Arceneaux, JP Austin, Tim Baker, Dennis K. Baxley, Slater Bayliss, Dave Beattie, Wayne Bertsch, Ron Book, Pamela Burch Fort, Jose Calderon, Kevin Cate, Kelly Cohen, Gus Corbella, Brian Crowley, Elizabeth Cuevas-Neunder, Justin Day, Judith Diaz, Nelson Diaz, John Dowless, Ryan Duffy, Jessica Ehrlich, Joe Falk, Alia Faraj-Johnson, Mark Ferrulo, Damien Filer, Marty Fiorentino, Rich Heffley, Nick Iarossi, David Johnson, Eric Johnson, Marian Johnson, Eric Jotkoff, Chris Korge, Jackie Lee, Susan MacManus, Beth Matuga, Fred Menachem, Jon Mills, Joe Mobley, Ben Pollara, Andrea Reilly, Steve Schale, April Schiff, Max Steele, Roger Stone, Richard Swann, Kevin Sweeny, Christian Ulvert, Steve Vancore, Ashley Walker, Andrew Weinstein, Andrew Wiggins, Ryan Wiggins, Rick Wilson

Iowa: Tim Albrecht, Brad Anderson, Rob Barron, Jeff Boeyink, Bonnie Campbell, Dave Caris, Sam Clovis, Jerry Crawford, Sara Craig, John Davis, Steve Deace, John Deeth, Derek Eadon, Ed Failor Jr., Karen Fesler, David Fischer, Ben Foecke, Doug Gross, Steve Grubbs, Tim Hagle, Bob Haus, Joe Henry, Drew Ivers, Jill June, Lori Jungling, Jeff Kaufmann, Brian Kennedy, Jake Ketzner, David Kochel, Chris Larimer, Chuck Larson, Jill Latham, Jeff Link, Dave Loebsack, Mark Lucas, Liz Mathis, Jan Michelson, Chad Olsen, David Oman, Matt Paul, Marlys Popma, Troy Price, Christopher Rants, Kim Reem, Craig Robinson, Sam Roecker, David Roederer, Nick Ryan, Tamara Scott, Joni Scotter, Karen Slifka, John Smith, AJ Spiker, Norm Sterzenbach, John Stineman, Matt Strawn, Charlie Szold, Phil Valenziano, Jessica Vanden Berg, Nate Willems, Eric Woolson, Grant Young

Michigan: Jill Alper, Saul Anuzis, Andrea Bitely, Lori Carpentier, Howard Edelson, Jordan Gehrke, Steve Hood, Darwin Jiles Jr., Joe Lehman, Dennis Lennox, Katie Packer, Ronna Romney McDaniel, John Truscott, Stephanie White, John Yob

Nevada: Mac Abrams, Greg Bailor, Barbara Buckley, Yvanna Cancela, Bob Cavazos, Linda Cavazos, Jim DeGraffenreid, Andrew Diss, Peter Ernaut, Ryan Erwin, Chip Evans, Jay Gerstema, Oscar Goodman, Ryan Hamilton, Dan Hart, Pat Hickey, Zach Hudson, Jeremy Hughes, Megan Jones, Lindsey Jydstrup, Adam Khan, Peter Koltak, Roberta Lange, Sam Liberman, Laura Martin, Michael McDonald, Chuck Muth, Erven Nelson, Kristen Orthman, Neal Patel, Nick Phillips, Jon Ralston, Andres Ramires, Emmy Ruiz, Scott Scheid, Mike Slanker, James Smack, Paul Smith, Jack St. Martin, Mari St. Martin, Daniel Stewart, Brendan Summers, Riley Sutton, Robert Uithoven, Michelle White, Ed Williams, Heidi Wixom

New Hampshire: Charlie Arlinghaus, Arnie Arnesen, Patrick Arnold, Rich Ashooh, Dean Barker, Juliana Bergeron, D.J. Bettencourt, Michael Biundo, Ray Buckley, Peter Burling, Jamie Burnett, Debby Butler, Dave Carney, Jackie Cilley, Catherine Corkery, Corriveau, Fergus Cullen, Lou D’Allesandro, James Demers, Mike Dennehy, Sean Downey, Steve Duprey, JoAnn Fenton, Jennifer Frizzell, Martha Fuller Clark, Amanda Grady Sexton, Jack Heath, Gary Hirshberg, Jennifer Horn, Peter Kavanaugh, Joe Keefe, Rich Killion, Harrell Kirstein, Sylvia Larsen, Joel Maiola, Kate Malloy Corriveau, Maureen Manning, Steve Marchand, Tory Mazzola, Jim Merrill, Jayne Millerick, Claira Monier, Greg Moore, Matt Mowers, Terie Norelli, Chris Pappas, Liz Purdy, Tom Rath, Colin Reed, Jim Rubens, Andy Sanborn, Dante Scala, William Shaheen, Stefany Shaheen, Carol Shea-Porter, Terry Shumaker, Andy Smith, Craig Stevens, Kathy Sullivan, Chris Sununu, James Sununu, Jay Surdukowski, Donna Sytek, Kari Thurman, Colin Van Ostern, Deb Vanderbeek, Mike Vlacich, Ryan Williams

North Carolina: Don Davis, Francis X. De Luca, Anita Earls, Jonathan Felts, Tami L. Fitzgerald, Dylan Frick, Taylor Griffin, Robin Hayes, Morgan Jackson, Patsy Keever, Theresa Kostrzewa, Michael Luethy, Ray Martin, Thomas Mills, Melissa L. Reed, Chris Sgro, Paul Shumaker, Dee Stewart, Brad Thompson, Bruce Thompson, Charlie Wallin, Doug Wilson

Ohio: Jerry Austin, Greg Beswick, Matt Borges, Erica Bruton, Tim Burke, Janet Carson, Jai Chabria, Martha Clark, Bob Clegg, Damareo Cooper, Jo Ann Davidson, Michael Dawson, Bill DeMora, Cindy Demse, Kathy Dicristofaro, Katie Eagan, Michael Gonidakis, Wes Goodman, Joe Hallett, Ian James, Melissa Klide Hedden, David Leland, Nick Martin, Rhine McLin, David Pepper, Molly Shack, Mark R. Weaver

Pennsylvania: Chris Borick, Larry Ceisler, Valentino DiGiorgio, Jason Ercole, Dan Fee, Charlie Gerow, Marcel Groen, Leslie Gromis Baker, Mark Harris, Nan McLaughlin, Aubrey Montgomery, Christopher Nicholas, Nachama Soloveichik, David Sosar, Todd Stephens, Doc Sweitzer, David Thornburgh, Ray Zaborney

Virginia: Ray Allen, Sandra Brandt, Marc K. Broklawski, Patsy Brown, Janet Carver, John Cosgrove, Brian Coy, Doris Crouse-Mays, Tom Davis, Julie Dime, Abbi Easter, Mike Farris, John Findlay, Joe Fitzgerald, Sean Harrison, Margo Horner, Robert Hurt, Gaylene Kanoyton, Chris LaCivita, Sue Langley, Frank Leone, Robert G. Marshall, Tucker Martin, Ed Matricardi, Susan J. Rowland, Peter Snyder, Susan Swecker, Jo Thoburn

Wisconsin: Meg Andrietsch, Mary Arnold, Kevin Barthel, Mike Basford, Rebecca Bonesteel, Barry Burden, Terri Burl, Jim Camery, Patrick Guarasci, Robert Hansen, Gary Hawley, Marian Krumberger, Emily Nehring, Jason Rae, Brandon Scholz, John Zapfel

Kristen Hayford contributed to this report.

Authors:"
"

Posted by Frank Wilkenmeyer on 19 Sep 2016

Donald Trump Jr. Is quite possibly the dumbest person ever to take to social media. In the very least, it’s a tossup between him and little brother Eric, who just yesterday made a fool of himself with his childish self-admiration for being the answer to a crossword puzzle question, along with free wifi, pushup bras and Bozo the Clown.

Together, the dimwitted duo provide enough social media fodder to make fun of them well into the next generation with posts to spare. When this election is finally over, it will be almost sad to see them fade back into oblivion. Maybe we’ll keep track of their Twitter accounts just for a giggle every now and then.

Today’s silliness begins with Oompa Loompa Jr. pinning a tweet that is certainly relevant to a particularly volatile national discussion happening right now: Colin Kaepernick and the National Anthem. As more and more athletes decide to take a knee in protest to support Black Lives Matter, more and more conservatives trash them for it, calling them unpatriotic and demanding they stop getting media coverage. Lord Cheeto II has been one of the most vocal, accusing Kaepernick of disrespecting our troops and those who died for his freedom.

For the left, it’s a simple matter of the 1st Amendment. Regardless of how you feel about the issue, these athletes have the right to express themselves. Yes, that means from government oppression and prosecution and not public criticism, but let’s not forget that it’s people like Little Comb-Over who are calling for police to stop providing protection for these athletes, for their employers to terminate their contracts and some have even gone so far as to suggest they be jailed for treason.

For years, we’ve known that the only constitutional amendment conservatives care about is the second, so when this tweet appeared pinned to Mini Douche’s Twitter account this morning, I couldn’t help but bust out in hysterical laughter:

Clearly when you’re the son of pure evil you have a hard time understanding the words you use. When “liberals” — otherwise known as “sane people” — try to explain why people like Kaepernick and those who have followed his lead are expressing that very right, we’re attacked in a frenzy of hate by people who think placing your hand over your heart and singing a song is mandatory patriotism. It’s not. The first amendment is exactly today what it was when the founders added it to the framework of a growing nation in 1789; the right to be you.

The Supreme Court has sided with those “liberals” every time the issue of free speech is tied to something conservatives think should be compulsory, like the pledge of allegiance and school prayer. I’ve said it already once in this article and thousands of times in my everyday life and I’ll say it again: The 2nd Amendment is the only one they see as absolute. All others are open to the interpretation of some holier than thou asshole like Donald Trump Jr.

Featured image by Gage Skidmore"
"Last week I wrote an article titled “Donald Trump’s Amazing Week” which must have been incredibly annoying to liberals and “Never Trumpers” everywhere. Guess what? This past week has been even better for the 2016 Republican nominee for president, the man whose candidacy was considered a vanity exercise a year and a half ago. Well no one is laughing anymore.

The latest round of polls shows that the support for the Trump presidency is growing rapidly. The latest Fox News Poll, which was taken from September 11-14, shows Donald Trump polling at 46%, a one-point lead over Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton at 45%. The LA Times/USC poll taken from September 9-15 shows Trump at 47% with a six-point lead over Clinton at 41%. The gap between the two candidates is also narrowing in the key battleground states. The Suffolk University Poll which was taken from September 12-14 shows Trump at 42%, leading by 3 points with Clinton at 39%. The CNN/ORC poll, which was taken September 7-12 shows Trump with a 4-point lead over Clinton in Florida. Clinton still has about a 3-5 point lead over Trump in other key battleground states, including Pennsylvania and Michigan, but those gaps are getting narrower every day. Other states such as Nevada and New Hampshire which were initially perceived to be likely wins for Clinton have moved to the “toss up state” category.

Donald Trump also continued his efforts to layout his policy framework with the introduction of another signature platform, his childcare plan at a speech in Aston PA, just outside of Philadelphia. Spearheaded by his daughter Ivanka Trump, Trump’s childcare policy offers something for everyone across the economic spectrum. The plan offers six weeks paid maternity leave to all mothers who do not receive this benefit through their employers. This benefit will be funded by closing gaps in our existing unemployment insurance program. Lower income families will also benefit from the plan’s offering of childcare rebates through the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) program up to $1,200 per year. Middle class families will benefit from being able to fully deduct all childcare expense on their tax returns. Families will also have the ability to establish Dependent Care Savings Accounts (DCSAs) to put money aside tax free for childcare. Low income families will receive a 50% match of the first $1000 deposited per year, generating up to an additional $500 per eligible family per year. DCSAs can be applied to pay for childcare, after school enrichment programs and school choice. Families can also use the funds in a DCSA to care for an elderly parent’s expenses including in home nursing and long-term care. Finally, Trump’s childcare plan provides a tax deduction for stay-at-home parents, effectively eliminating the tax punishment for a parent’s decision to leave the workforce to be a full time caregiver for child or an elderly parent.

Donald Trump followed his childcare policy speech with another economics speech to the Economic Club of New York which includes some of New York’s most powerful movers and shakers in the world of business and finance. Trump’s excellent week continued with his visit to the Dr. Oz Show where he released a letter from his long term doctor revealing the results of his most recent medical visit and other relevant pieces of his medical history. Other than carrying an extra 15-20 pounds, Trump appears to be in excellent health. Of course, Trump’s unveiling his medical records on a television show comes on the heels of the recent concerns about Hillary Clinton’s health following her fainting at last week’s September 11 memorial event and the subsequent revelation that she was suffering from pneumonia. Again, only Donald Trump can turn the literal opening of an envelope into an event. Well, it is an event alright particularly if that envelope is opened on The Dr. Oz Show, a program which is reportedly watched by four million viewers daily with a large percentage of female viewers. During the one hour program, the discussion of Trump’s health was followed by the appearance of Ivanka Trump who was able to deliver yet another pitch about the newly announced childcare proposal to the aforementioned audience of women. So yes, somehow all this concern about Hillary Clinton’s health and capacity to serve as president has created multiple free publicity events for Donald Trump.

Trump followed up the Dr. Oz interview with a visit to the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. During the visit, Trump permitted the late night comedian to do something “unpresidential”. That is to say, he told Fallon that he could “mess up his hair”. While most pundits would speculate that the moment was completely pre-planned, the fact that Trump said “yes” to the display speaks volumes. He demonstrated that he has the ability to laugh at himself and that he is not afraid to have a bad picture taken. Furthermore, The Tonight Show is popular with Democrats and millennials of all political persuasions. Once again, Trump had an opportunity to make a connection with millions of people who more than likely were not on the “Trump Train”. Oh and one more thing, by letting Jimmy Fallon touch his hair on national television, Trump has finally set to rest all rumors that his hair is not his. However small, it’s another check mark in the honesty and transparency box.

Now if all of this was not enough, Donald Trump capped his week off with an opening event ceremony at his new hotel in the former post office site in Washington DC where he received endorsements from military flag officers and fourteen Medal of Honor recipients. Trump used the event to not only promote his hotel project as being completed “two years early and under budget”, a metaphor for how he would manage the US economy, he also seized the moment to put an end to the “birther issue”. Trump took the microphone and said “Not to mention her in the same breath,” (as the Medal of Honor recipients who had just endorsed him) “Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. I finished it. I finished it,” he said. “President Barack Obama was born in the United States, period. Now we all want to get back to making America strong and great again.” Trump said.

Once again, political correctness be damned, Donald Trump has had another “amazing week.”

The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com"
"Donald Trump's reputation for being always available to reporters is way out of date.

Trump is saying ""yes"" to Fox News almost every day but saying ""no"" to most other major networks and news organizations -- a highly unusual strategy for a presidential nominee.

He called into ""Fox & Friends"" on Monday morning, he is booked on ""The O'Reilly Factor"" Monday night, and he has another town hall with Sean Hannity coming up on Wednesday.

Rousing the base instead of reaching out to undecided voters may ultimately pay off for Trump. If nothing else, it limits the candidate's exposure to hard-hitting questions -- while fueling frustration among journalists.

Trump's surrogates continue to say that he is more accessible than Hillary Clinton, but that is no longer true.

Newt Gingrich knocked Clinton at a Trump rally on Monday afternoon by saying ""she doesn't do press conferences."" But Clinton has taken questions from reporters at half a dozen press conferences in the past two weeks, including as recently as Monday morning.

These sessions, while relatively short, have been plentiful, while Trump has not held a press conference since July.

Trump beat reporters are starting to make noise about the drought — especially since Trump made Clinton's eight-month period without press conferences into a major campaign talking point.

""It's been more than 50 days since Donald Trump held a press conference,"" David Martosko of The Daily Mail tweeted Monday.

Trump's recent TV appearances, on ""The Dr. Oz Show"" and ""The Tonight Show,"" made news, but not in journalistic settings.

The Washington Post's Robert Costa had a newsmaking interview with Trump last week. But that's the exception to the rule. The New York Times last had an interview with Trump about a month ago.

Trump last appeared on CNN in late August. Because Anderson Cooper challenged Trump about the candidate's muddled stance on immigration, The Post's Callum Borchers concluded that ""it didn't go very well"" for Trump.

""It went so not well, in fact, that you have to wonder whether his campaign will decide it's best to dodge the likes of Anderson Cooper and Chuck Todd — or, for that matter, Chris Wallace and Bret Baier — and stick to softball sessions with Sean Hannity and the 'Fox & Friends' crew,"" Borchers wrote afterwards.

Trump's last time on NBC was the ""Commander in Chief Forum"" on September 7. Moderator Matt Lauer was widely criticized for his light touch with Trump.

Related: Behind the scenes, NBC execs concede Matt Lauer forum performance was ""disaster""

The candidate's last time on ABC was a short interview with David Muir on September 6. His last time on CBS was a ""60 Minutes"" sit-down with Lesley Stahl on July 17.

Trump does have another CBS interview in the works, a campaign spokeswoman said.

TV networks are agitating for more interviews with both Trump and Clinton. The difference between the two is that Trump previously had a reputation for calling in to morning shows and sitting down with interviewers all the time.

This accessibility also once extended to his traveling press corps.

""Trump used to be very, very accessible to the press. At the beginning of his campaign, he was extremely accessible,"" CNN politics reporter Jeremy Diamond said on Sunday's ""Reliable Sources."" ""You could catch him for quick interviews on the way in and out of rallies. And that has really changed.""

Diamond said ""he is less accessible I think, in many regards, than Hillary Clinton at this point.""

Trump's campaign declined to comment Monday on its media strategy. Republican communications strategist Ron Bonjean said most candidates in Trump's position would be ""trying to reach a a broader general election audience.""

""However, most Americans already know Trump as a household name and he doesn't need to diversify his interviews for additional exposure,"" Bonjean said. ""Trump is protecting himself from less friendly journalists while getting out his message at the same time even if it is to a more conservative audience.""

This conservative-focused media strategy is also gaining attention among Trump's critics. ""He pretty much exclusively appears on Fox News now,"" Judd Legum, editor of the liberal news site ThinkProgress, tweeted on Monday.

Trump's relationship with Hannity is perhaps the best symbol of how the candidate gets out his message on his own terms. Trump has taped numerous town halls with the conservative commentator.

According to TVNewser, Wednesday's town hall will focus on ""issues and concerns surrounding African-Americans this election cycle.""

According to Nielsen data, only 1.5% of Hannity's 2 million nightly viewers are African American. Overall, at any given time of day, about 2% of Fox News viewers are African American."
"Pence gives no specifics on why Trump Foundation story is inaccurate

When it comes to the Trump campaign's allegations of ""inaccuracies and omissions"" against a Washington Post story, running mate Mike Pence struggled late Tuesday night to account for specific examples.

Appearing on MSNBC's ""The 11th Hour with Brian Williams"" after an evening rally in Williamsburg, Virginia, the Indiana governor backed up the Trump campaign's statement against the Post's reporting earlier in the day that Donald Trump spent $258,000 from his charitable foundation to settle legal issues.

Story Continued Below

""Well, I think what we found is that there is a number of factual errors in that story as there were in previous stories about the Trump Foundation. I'm confident they'll be able to address those and demonstrate that they fully complied with the law,"" Pence told Brian Williams, adding that the ""larger issue"" is the Clinton Foundation.

Williams tried to button up the issue, pressing Pence specifically for ""what the factual errors are that the campaign is alleging"" from the latest Post story.

""Well, I think the foundation will be able to lay those out. There were errors in the previous Washington Post stories, and, you know, look, you know me a while, Brian. I strongly support a free and independent press. People are entitled to ask questions, and I'm sure the Trump Foundation and the Trump family will continue to be able to answer those questions.""

Pence's comments and the Trump campaign statement came hours after the latest article from the Post into the Republican nominee's charitable foundation.

Authors:"
"As police today captured the man wanted for questioning in connection to a series of explosive devices in New York City and New Jersey, new information about him has begun to emerge.

The man, Ahmad Khan Rahami, 28, was born in 1988 in Afghanistan and is a naturalized U.S. citizen, according to the FBI. He was discovered and captured in Linden, New Jersey, not far from his last known address in Elizabeth.

New Jersey State Police

A U.S. official initially told ABC News Rahami came to the U.S. in 2000, but his father later said the family came over in 1995. Court records indicate Ahmad Rahami was from a large family and may have as many as seven siblings.

Former classmates said he attended Edison High School in New Jersey.

One of them, Chris Konya, said Rahami was quiet but funny and a ""pretty normal guy."" Konya and another former classmate said Rahami had a child with his high school girlfriend.

Rahami was enrolled at Middlesex County College from fall of 2010 to fall of 2012, where he worked toward an associate's degree in criminal justice but did not graduate, according to school officials.

New Jersey State Police

The Rahami family owned a fried chicken restaurant in Elizabeth. An employee and a recent customer said Rahami worked there.

""I come in here every week or two, just to get something to eat,"" local resident Ryan McCann told The Associated Press. ""He's always in there. He's a very friendly guy. That's what's so scary. It's hard when it's home.""

Members of the Rahami family apparently did not get along well with the local police and sued several officers in 2011 for allegedly harassing them over purported violations related the restaurant's operation. The case was dismissed in 2012, pending the resolution of a related legal matter, according to documents.

Investigators are poring over Rahami's past travel, including what may have been a recent nearly year-long trip in which he flew to Quetta, Pakistan in April 2013 and returned to the U.S. through the United Arab Emirates in March 2014, according to the U.S. official. Rahami reported to authorities that he was visiting his wife and family, who he said were Afghan refugees living in Quetta, and that he had traveled by car between Pakistan and Afghanistan.

New Jersey State Police

In August 2014 Rahami was arrested after allegedly stabbing someone in the leg, according to court documents. A complaint filed by a police officer said the officer ""has reason to believe that the person is a danger to himself, others or property,"" but Rahami was not indicted.

Today Rahami was shot at least once by police during an exchange of gunfire before he was captured and then taken to a local hospital, authorities said. He is not cooperating with investigators, even so far as refusing to give his name, according to a source briefed on the case. Officials said they have not determined a motive for the attacks.

Late Monday officials announced charges against Rahami related to the shootout with police: five counts of attempted murder, second-degree unlawful possession of a weapon and second-degree possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose. Bail has been set at $5.2 million. It is unclear if Rahami has an attorney.

A senior Afghan official told ABC News the Afghan government is ready to assist the U.S. in any way it can and is searching for any information it may have on Rahami.

New Jersey State Police

ABC News' Cindy Galli, Megan Christie, Randy Kreider, Alex Hosenball and Cho Park contributed to this report.

[Editor's Note Sept. 28, 2016: The original version of this report said that Ahmad Rahami came to the U.S. in 2000. Rahami's father later told ABC News, however, that his son and the family came in 1995 and that Rahami received his Green Card in 2000.]"
"CLEVELAND — Donald Trump campaigned Wednesday morning in a church in a historically African-American community and sold himself as the candidate who could fix the problems of urban America. Within hours, Trump was proposing a vast expansion of “stop-and-frisk” policing policies that have proved explosively controversial in black communities for encouraging racial profiling.

It was just another day in Trump’s up-and-down black outreach campaign undertaken to wash away the stain of racism charges lobbed at him by Hillary Clinton and the Democrats.

Story Continued Below

The effort has taken Trump from a black church in inner-city Detroit earlier this month to addressing largely white audiences in rural North Carolina where, on Tuesday evening, he proclaimed in a small town named after a slaveholder that black communities ""are absolutely in the worst shape that they’ve ever been in before, ever, ever, ever.""

On Wednesday, Trump hit the campaign trail with former boxing promoter Don King — who dropped the N-word before a group of pastors at a Cleveland church while extolling Trump as a “gladiator.” King hailed Trump as the rare candidate who would overthrow the existing political system under which minorities have suffered.

“The system is the problem, and he’s the only gladiator that will take on the system,” King said.

After the church event, Trump sat for a “town hall” with Fox News host and unabashed supporter Sean Hannity. Asked by an audience member what he would do to address “violence in the black community,” Trump embraced stop-and-frisk.

“We did it in New York, it worked incredibly well,” Trump said.

Fierce opposition to that policy in minority communities was among the issues that Bill de Blasio rode to prominence and, ultimately, the mayor’s office.

But even before Trump’s stop-and-frisk comments, he was taking heat for his “ever, ever, ever” remark Tuesday night.

“I don't know what Mr. Trump is talking about to say that the situation for African-Americans is worse than it's ever been,” Rep. John Lewis, the Democratic civil rights icon, said Wednesday on MSNBC. “Is he talking about worse than slavery? Worse than the system of segregation and racial discrimination — when we couldn't take a seat at the lunch counter and be served? Worse than being denied the right to register to vote, to participate in the democratic process and live in certain neighborhoods and communities?”

Trump’s polling numbers among African-American voters have been dismal — in the low single digits — and some believe his outreach to black voters is as much about convincing moderate white voters, particularly women and those in the suburbs, that he is not racist. Trump regularly brings up his outreach to blacks — “What do you have to lose?” he says — to largely white audiences.

At the New Spirit Revival Center in Cleveland, Trump assembled an eclectic kitchen cabinet of some of his closest advisers to attest to his beliefs before a diverse crowd.

Seated to Trump’s right was Mike Pence, his soft-spoken running mate. To his left, outspoken longtime attorney Michael Cohen. Behind him: King (“there’s only one,” Trump said), former presidential rival Ben Carson (“tough”), retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn (“a tough general”) and former ""Apprentice"" star Omarosa Manigault (“a wonderful woman”), who has helped with Trump’s black outreach.

“I’m different from a lot of Republicans, frankly,” Trump said from the pulpit.

Trump, who has called himself the “law and order” candidate, criticized the police officer who shot an unarmed black man in Oklahoma last week. Trump said he had watched the video and that the officer may have been “choking” in the fatal shooting. Trump has mostly defended the police in such incidents.

""Now, did she get scared? Was she choking? What happened? But maybe people like that, people that choke, people that do that, maybe they can't be doing what they're doing, OK?”

King, whom top GOP officials had pushed not to speak at the Republican National Convention due to a past manslaughter conviction, was given the prime slot of introducing Trump at a forum billed as a pastors leadership conference.

King, clothed in a sparkling jacket and clutching the flags of Israel and the United States, argued repeatedly that “the system” had oppressed minorities and women and only Trump can upend it entirely.

“Every white woman should cast a vote for Donald Trump,” said King, who also went on an extended riff about the struggles of African-Americans.

“I told Michael Jackson, I said if you're poor, you're a poor Negro — I would use the N-word — but if you rich, you are a rich Negro; if you are intelligent, intellectual, you're an intellectual Negro; if you're a dancing and sliding and gliding n-----, I mean, Negro,” King said.

When Trump took his turn at the pulpit minutes later, he grinned, “Ah, there’s only one Don King.”

Before King, Cohen, Trump’s attorney, used his time at the church to slash at the “disgusting, liberal, mainstream media” and its casting of Trump as a “racist.”

“The word of the 2016 election has somehow become ‘racist,’” Cohen complained. “I’ve lost count as to how many times the disgusting, liberal, mainstream media have attempted to label Mr. Donald Trump as racist, a xenophobe and a bigot. And let’s not forget, sexist, misogynist, narcissist, Islamophobe, anti-Hispanic, anti-Semite demagogue. And countless others. It’s disgraceful.”

Cohen said, “Not only is Donald Trump not a racist, he believes that all people are part of one race: the human race.”

Trump insisted that Democrats had abandoned black voters, and that he wouldn’t.

“They come and they take your vote,” Trump said, “and they say they’ll see you in four years.”



Authors:"
"“He didn’t say the document was legitimate,"" Joe Arpaio said of Donald Trump's recent announcement. | Getty Joe Arpaio: Trump didn’t call Obama’s birth certificate ‘legitimate’

Donald Trump finally acknowledged President Barack Obama’s American birthplace last week, but one of his supporters, controversial Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio, sees a silver lining for the ""birther"" movement: Trump didn't take a position on whether Obama’s birth certificate was forged.

“If he says the president was born here, maybe he has information I don’t have,” Arpaio told POLITICO of the GOP nominee's statement. “He didn’t say the document was legitimate. He didn’t go that route.”

Story Continued Below

Of Trump’s statement on Obama’s birthplace, Arpaio added: “It didn’t bother me.”

Arpaio, a prominent Trump supporter known for his hard-line views on immigration, opened an investigation into the legitimacy of Obama’s birth certificate in August 2011, several months after the White House published it online, further demonstrating that he was, in fact, born in Hawaii.

Trump rose to political prominence in part through insinuating, falsely, that Obama was not born in the United States — a claim the president’s supporters have long decried as racist. He backed down from it under pressure last week, in a short statement at an otherwise drawn-out press conference at his new luxury hotel in Washington. Trump also attempted to blame his opponent, Hillary Clinton, for starting the rumor, another claim independent fact checkers have debunked.

But while Trump has sought to sidestep the birther issue, Arpaio has refused to back down from his own claim that Obama’s birth certificate was forged. On Tuesday in Phoenix, Arpaio addressed the conservative group that requested he investigate the document, saying that “we are looking at a forged document. Period.”

On Wednesday, Arpaio told POLITICO the investigation into the document is ongoing. He declined to detail what evidence that effort has turned up, but he claimed that his office has found nothing “to say it’s a legitimate document.”

Arpaio also tried to separate himself from the birther movement, arguing that his investigation is focused on the document itself, rather than the president’s birthplace, and denied that his skepticism is motivated by racism.

Still, he would not say that he believes Obama was born in the U.S.

“I have no idea now where he was born,” Arpaio said. “You hear a lot of stories.”

He and Trump did not discuss the birth certificate issue before the nominee held the press conference last week, Arpaio said.

“I didn’t know he was going to say it,” he said.

Authors:"
"Story highlights Obama has taken steps toward solidifying the alliance with Israel this month

His meeting with Netanyahu was likely to be their last face-to-face consultations

New York (CNN) President Barack Obama confronted one of his most strained foreign partnerships Wednesday during a final meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the pair making a last attempt at patching up their stormy bond before Obama leaves office.

Speaking before their session, Obama said he was aiming to ascertain the prospects for peace in the region as he prepares to end his presidency.

""Our hope will be that in these conversations we get the sense of how Israel sees the next few years, what the opportunities are and what the challenges are in order to ensure we keep alive the possibility of a stable, secure Israel at peace with its neighbors,"" Obama said. ""These are challenging times. One thing that I would say about Prime Minister Netanyahu is that he is always very candid with us.""

That candor has become a hallmark of the relationship between Obama and his Israeli counterpart, whom the White House has accused of being less-than-diplomatic in expressing his opposition to US policies like the nuclear agreement with Iran. Obama's 30-minute meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu was likely to be their final opportunity for face-to-face consultations before a new president enters the Oval Office in January.

Obama is intent on conferring solid ties with Israel upon his successor, despite the personal animus that developed between him and Netanyahu, as he looks to boost the relationship during the homestretch of a presidential campaign in which he hopes to see Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton prevail.

Read More"
"Story highlights Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe was photographed with Willie Nelson, and Nelson's marijuana

Nelson was in Bristow Saturday for a Farm Aid 2016 concert

(CNN) Hanging out with Willie Nelson over the weekend has left a cloud around Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, after a photo of McAuliffe and the legendary marijuana-loving musician tweeted by Nelson's wife, Annie Nelson, included a can of ""Willie's Reserve"" -- Nelson's brand of weed.

It's sold in Colorado and is legal in Washington, but not Virginia -- a reality Annie Nelson might have been alluding to when she captioned the picture: """"UH-OH Trouble!""

McAuliffe spokesman Brian Coy told the Richmond Times-Dispatch that the Democratic governor has never used drugs in his life -- and isn't cool enough to know what Willie's Reserve is.

""He was not and still is not aware of whatever was on the table or anywhere around him and wouldn't know marijuana or related paraphernalia if it walked up and shook his hand,"" Coy said. ""He's cool, but he's not that cool.""

The newspaper's political reporter, Graham Moomaw, tweeted a zoomed-in photo of the can of Willie's Reserve weed, next to a pair of glasses and a remote control.

Let's enhance https://t.co/cmmucUKRTT pic.twitter.com/7YlX5za85l — Graham Moomaw (@gmoomaw) September 19, 2016

Read More"
"In March, in a bold “Oh yeah?” moment during an interview with the Washington Post’s editorial board, Donald Trump took the paper’s dare and revealed, then and there, his very short list of foreign policy advisers. There were just five, though he said, “I have quite a few more.” The list was a head-scratcher, a random assortment of obscure and questionable pundits. One of the names, offered without elaboration, was, “Carter Page, PhD.”

Who?

Story Continued Below

Reporters quickly Googling found that Page is the founder and managing partner of an investment fund called Global Energy Capital, and that he claims to have years of experience investing in Russia and the energy sector. As for his connection to Trump, when Page was reached for comment by the New York Times the day after Trump’s big reveal, he said he had been sending policy memos to the campaign and the paper said he “will be advising Mr. Trump on energy policy and Russia.”

This piqued my interest: I have been a Russia wonk for most of my adult life, I spent years living and reporting from Moscow, still go there regularly for reporting trips, and am in touch with lots of friends there. And yet, despite the tightly knit nature of the expat business community in Russia, no one I spoke to had ever heard of Carter Page.

“What’s this guy’s name?” says one former Western energy CEO who spent years in Russia, and would have overlapped there with Page.

“I had not heard of Carter Page before it came out in the media,” says another prominent Western businessman who has worked in the former Soviet Union for over two decades. “But I am getting a lot of emails from friends asking, ‘Have you heard of this guy?’”

“Strangely, I've never heard of Carter Page until this Trump connection,” Bill Browder responded to me in an email. He was one of the biggest Western players in the Russian market until President Vladimir Putin turned on him and Browder became his fierce critic. “It's odd, because I've heard of every other financier who was a player on Moscow at the time.”

Someone, apparently, has heard of him: On Friday, Yahoo News reported that Page was being probed by U.S. intelligence for purported back-channel ties to Russian leaders. The story resurfaced the name of a character who’d all but vanished from the campaign, and reawakened questions about who, exactly, Trump was surrounding himself with.

This has been a concern swirling around the outsider candidate since he began, a real-estate developer with almost no serious Washington connections to tap for advice. “I’m going to surround myself only with the best and most serious people,"" Trump famously told a Post reporter last summer about how he would staff his campaign. ""We want top-of-the-line professionals.” As the primaries unfolded, it became increasingly obvious that Trump would need all the top-of-the-line help he could get when it came to foreign policy. In an interview with conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt, Trump confused the Kurds with the Iranian Al-Quds Force, couldn’t tell the difference between Hezbollah and Hamas, and couldn’t recognize the name of the leader of ISIS. (In his defense, Trump said that “Hugh was giving me name after name, Arab name, Arab name, and there are few people anywhere, anywhere, that would have known those names.”) The Republican foreign policy specialists who would normally be a brain trust began slamming him in the press or publicly signing on to anti-Trump manifestos. And since they increasingly were fleeing the candidate, who were the people who would line up to advise him instead? What would they be like?

Enter Carter Page, a 44-year-old Ph.D., and business school graduate who claims an expertise in Russia and energy, yet who, I quickly discovered, was known by neither Russia experts nor energy experts nor Russian energy experts. (“I can poll any number of people involved in energy in Russia about Carter Page and they’ll say, ‘Carter who? You mean Jimmy Carter?’” says one veteran Western investor in Russian energy.) Page also, as I would be surprised to discover, appears largely unknown to Trump’s own campaign.

What I did find, however, is that while Page might not be helping Trump, Trump has been a significant help to Page. Since being named by Trump as an adviser, Page, who has spent his career trying to put together energy deals in Russia and the former Soviet Union, has finally begun to be noticed in the region. He is being treated in Russia as a person with potentially important ties in America. “He’s an extremely well-informed, authoritative expert on Russia,” says Mikhail Leontiev, a pro-Kremlin talking head and spokesman for Rosneft, Russia’s state oil giant. “People really respect him in this industry. He’s a very serious guy, and he has a good reputation.” According to the Yahoo report, U.S. intelligence believes Page had an audience with top Russian officials—including Rosneft head Igor Sechin—during a summer trip to Moscow. From what I could find about him, it’s hard to imagine he could have secured those meetings without that mention by Trump.

Page has also been the subject of some breathless coverage in the American press. A March Bloomberg profile touted his “deep ties” with “executives at Gazprom,” the state-owned Russian gas giant, whom he says he advised on some of its biggest deals of the past decade. Last month, the Post ran a piece that was breathless in a different way, casting him as a shadowy broker with potentially important ties in Russia, some of them unsavory. The Yahoo story also portrays Page as a well-connected, high-rolling businessman with “extensive business interests in Russia” and an office “around the corner from Trump Tower.”

Page has fueled all this by making some remarkable statements, including saying Putin is a better leader than President Barack Obama to a June closed-door meeting of foreign policy Brahmins in Washington. In July, in Moscow, he spoke at the New Economic School’s commencement ceremony, a university that had hosted Obama just seven years ago. Page used the speech to slam the “hypocrisy” of American foreign policy in front of a Russian audience, saying, “Washington and other Western powers have impeded potential progress through their often hypocritical focus on ideas such as democratization, inequality, corruption and regime change.” He is now frequently quoted on Russian television, which hails him as a “famous American economist” and “adviser to Donald Trump on questions of foreign policy.”

All of which reveals something deeply strange about Trump: when he shoots from the hip, his remarks do more than just whip up Twitter controversies. They also occasionally and unintentionally mint a new species of “insiders,” people who seem to be in Trump’s orbit but who may not have—and may never have had—any access to the gilded inner sanctum at all.

But someone is paying attention. As I started looking into Page, I began getting calls from two separate “corporate investigators” digging into what they claim are all kinds of shady connections Page has to all kinds of shady Russians. One is working on behalf of various unnamed Democratic donors; the other won’t say who turned him on to Page’s scent. Both claimed to me that the FBI was investigating Page for allegedly meeting with Igor Sechin and Sergei Ivanov, who was until recently Putin’s chief of staff—both of whom are on the sanctions list—when Page was in Moscow in July for that speech.

So the question continued to linger: Who is Carter Page?

***

I should tell you before we get any further that Page wouldn’t talk to me for this story. I called his fund and left messages, both on the general line and his personal voice mail. I emailed him repeatedly. I asked the Trump campaign to put me in touch. I emailed the Bloomberg journalist who interviewed him, who passed the request on. I even called Carter Page’s father in Poughkeepsie, New York, who told me he would ask his son to talk to me. But alas, no dice.

This was disappointing: No one who worked in Moscow when Page was there seemed to know who he was, and I just wanted to talk to someone who did. At a certain point, I just needed confirmation that he even existed.

OK, I thought. Try a different route. Maybe all these prominent Western businessmen who worked in Russia for decades didn’t know Page, but maybe it was because some of them worked in different spheres of the Russian economy. He did, after all, have such an impressive résumé.

Page’s biography on the website of his energy fund, Global Energy Capital, hits all the right notes. It was, at first glance, the résumé of an up-and-coming player in the opaque but lucrative Russian energy market. “He spent 7 years as an investment banker at Merrill Lynch in London, Moscow and New York where he most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of the Energy and Power Group,” his bio reads. “He was involved in over $25 billion of transactions in the energy and power sector. He spent 3 years in Moscow where he was responsible for the opening of the Merrill office and was an advisor on key transactions for Gazprom, RAO UES and others.”

Those were some of the biggest energy deals of the 2000s, and Page’s tenure in Merrill Lynch’s Moscow office, from 2004 to 2007, would have put him in the right place at the right time. He says he was part of the carving up of RAO UES, a massive Russian electric power holding company. He told Bloomberg that he advised Gazprom when it bought a stake in the Sakhalin II oil and gas project. Those were huge, huge things. If he were deeply involved, he would definitely count as a player. And surely he left at least a trace in the records of those deals.

So I called Ian Craig, the CEO of Sakhalin Energy from 2004 to 2009, who was doing the negotiations with Gazprom and stayed on as CEO after the deal went through. (It wasn’t really a deal, to be clear: Sakhalin II was a large project in the Far East, and Gazprom essentially elbowed its way into the project when the government forced the consortium to sell the gas giant a controlling stake.) But Craig said he didn’t know anyone named Carter Page. He was also surprised to hear about Merrill Lynch’s purported involvement in the deal. “I don’t think Merrill Lynch or anyone else was front-lining the negotiations, because it was all done at the highest level, because it was very political,” says Craig . “It closed at CEO level, and eventually Putin himself signed off on it.”

When I asked a prominent Western businessman, who has worked in the former Soviet Union for over two decades and who is said to socialize with Sechin and other members of the Russian elite, about Page’s claim to Bloomberg that he advised Gazprom on Sakhalin II, he said, “I rolled my eyes at that one.” (He, too, said he hadn’t heard of Page until Trump’s announcement.)

Fine. OK. Maybe Page exaggerated a bit on that one. But what about the reorganization and privatization of RAO UES, the Russian electricity giant? Maybe some of the Russians he worked with remembered a Carter Page?

Turns out, they did.

“His nickname was stranichkin,” from the Russian word stranichka, or “little page,” says Artem Torchinsky, who met Page during the breakup of RAO UES. Torchinsky, who was part of the company’s financial department, worked alongside Page, who, at the time worked in Merrill Lynch’s Moscow office. It was 2007, and Merrill Lynch was underwriting the sale of one part of RAO UES, and Torchinsky was resentful of Page and the other Merrill Lynchers: Torchinsky and the in-house team did all the work, and Page and his team would swoop in to give the presentation. They were the fancy Western window dressing. “It really irritated our team,” Torchinsky told me over Skype. “We worked around the clock, and then they would come in and say something incomprehensible and we’d have to correct them. These guys didn’t know what they were talking about.” As for Page, “He made no impression whatsoever. Whether he was there or not, it made no difference,” Torchinsky says. “When you’re dealing with a pro, you see it. Page, unfortunately, did not leave that impression.”

OK, harsh. But then I talked to Page’s former boss, former Russian Central Bank Chairman Sergei Aleksashenko, who ran the Moscow office of Merrill Lynch for part of the time Page worked there. “He wasn’t great and he wasn’t terrible,” Aleksashenko says, exasperated and confused by the interest of all these journalists pestering him for information about someone “without any special talents or accomplishments,” someone who was “a gray spot.” “What can you say about a person who in no way [is] exceptional?” he asked me.

Page was a vice president at Merrill Lynch in Moscow, which sounds senior but is a common title in the finance world; a big firm like Merrill Lynch might have thousands of VPs. In the Moscow office, there were five ranks, and VP was right in the middle. In effect, it was “just the oldest of the youngest, three from the bottom,” says Aleksashenko.

When it came to finance, Aleksashenko says, Page “was not a specialist in any branches of finance or in any instruments.” When it came to energy, Page and his team were, according to Torchinsky, “mildly speaking, not competent in the field of energy.” And, says Aleksashenko, “judging by the drivel he spews on Russia, you can tell he doesn’t really understand the topic.”

Trump’s putative adviser on Russia and energy and foreign policy, in other words, “did not create the impression of someone who was intellectual or well-educated, or someone who was in any way interested or knowledgeable in foreign policy,” says Aleksashenko.

***

For the past few years, Page has styled himself a foreign policy expert. He has written columns in Global Policy Journal, a new peer-reviewed journal run out of Durham University. They are confoundingly written and make logically curious leaps. “In recent months, renewed calls for equal justice have brought social tension across the United States after the killing of Michael Brown and Eric Garner by police officers in Missouri and New York respectively,” he wrote. “Although commonly overlooked, the impact of other fatal mistakes by government officials in the foreign policy arena might vastly outweigh these tragic deaths in potentially catastrophic proportions.” He is the kind of thinker who writes that Kanye West’s “New Slaves” and the “artist’s creative work offers valuable ideas that could fundamentally improve the direction of U.S. foreign policy and world affairs” but does it by opening with a citation from the Oxford English Dictionary (“Slave; Pronunciation: /slāv/…”), roping in Adam Sandler, William F. Buckley and Dick Cheney.

His speech in Moscow’s New Economic School was a similar construction of empty spaces held together with repetition, tautologies, and abuses of the word “ironically.” “For the last 15 years, I’ve been researching, teaching, and writing about fundamental trends in the world economy, which have really continued to evolve in this period and in the years immediately preceding it,” he began. The video of the speech also suggests that after three years living there and a lifetime studying the place, he couldn’t really speak Russian—he had to have his questions translated for him into English. Except to quote, haltingly, brokenly, Vladimir Putin: “We never meddle in the internal political affairs of other countries. Unlike the USA.” Which is troubling for two reasons: that the adviser of a presidential candidate of a major party is criticizing America abroad by citing Putin, and that the comment implied that he seemed to not know anything about anything going on in, say, Syria or Ukraine.

Page also managed to find his way into a fellowship at the Council on Foreign Relations, where he cut a strange figure. Like other Westerners doing business in Russia, Page took the view that Putin was not the blood-stained and corrupt tyrant some in the West imagine him to be, defending him as a strong leader who brought order and prosperity to Russia. But unlike other entrepreneurial defenders of Putin, people at the Council recall that Page was not particularly good at it. “He had a guilty-seeming style in making these arguments, making it seem like he didn’t really want to engage,” one person from the Council says. His columns made the rounds and raised eyebrows. “That blog post about the slaves. That’s just … strange,” says the Council member.

“He’s a nice guy, but of the people that I know that have Russian foreign policy experience or access and contacts, he wouldn’t be in the last decile, but he’d be in the second-to-last decile,” says one American executive with experience in Russia and its energy sector. “You’d have to dip really far and wide to find a guy like Carter Page. I mean, wow.”

***

I should’ve just dropped the Carter Page story, but in the months since Trump named him an adviser, the campaign’s Russia connections have become a bigger and bigger issue. Fancy Bear, who was probably a Russian hacker, broke into the Democratic National Committee emails, seemingly handed them over to Julian Assange, who continues to leak the information in a way that is clearly designed to help one campaign and hurt the other. Trump’s second campaign manager, Paul Manafort, flamed out in August because of his shady business dealings with the pro-Kremlin side of Ukraine, and Trump himself continues to say absurd things about Russia and Putin, like publicly inviting the Russian government to continue hacking American servers. Washington was in full Hunt for Red October mode, and it was all I could do to stay on Page’s trail, which began to look more and more like an infinity sign.

I was not the only one. Seemingly everyone I talked to had also talked to the Washington Post, and then there were these corporate investigators who drew a dark and complex web of Page’s connections. Then there was Page, praising Putin. I found myself juggling two mutually contradictory Page narratives: Was Page, like Manafort, followed by a long train of sordid dealings with dark and powerful players with deep pockets and deep resentments toward the West? This was the person described by the corporate investigators trying to whisper into my ear. Was Page a man wheeling and dealing in energy contracts with China and Turkmenistan, who was a vehicle for the Kremlin to influence the American election? Was he a man who, during a three-day trip to Moscow, met with two of Russia’s most powerful men and was now being investigated for it?

But it was hard to see that man when I actually talked to people who knew him. Page made his way into the financial sector as it ballooned in the early part of the past decade, securing a spot at Merrill Lynch’s London and Moscow offices. Today, he claims he was cozy with Gazprom executives; his former colleagues laugh at the suggestion. “No one let him into Gazprom,” Aleksashenko says. “He didn’t go shake [Gazprom chief Alexey] Miller’s hand. He made sure there were cars, hotels and meetings for investors in London.” Another of Page’s colleagues from Merrill Lynch confirmed that Page’s role was simply arranging meetings between Gazprom and Western investors, something normally done by analysts, the lowest rank on the totem pole. “People organize meetings with Gazprom all the time,” the former colleague said. “He hosted these guys in New York City but they would have done this 10 times a year… I used to do this; it doesn’t require all that much skill. You just send out an email to 20 people saying Gazprom agreed to dinner at this place at 8 p.m., do you want to come? The main thing is just getting those two [Gazprom] guys to agree. But because they agreed doesn’t mean they’re close to him.”

But the meetings did provide him with something else. “Gazprom didn’t need money at the time,” says the former colleague. “They were the most profitable company at the time. Their net profit was something like $36 billion a year. Their problem was not getting investors, but figuring out how to spend money in a non-efficient way if you read between the lines. He was probably aware of that. He would have known how inefficient and wasteful the company is.” Page became an investor in the company, and has, according to filings, advised other companies he’s worked for to invest in them.

After Merrill Lynch, Page tried to set up his own fund to invest in energy projects and called it Global Energy Capital. But he tried to do this in 2008, and we know what happened to the markets in 2008. The fund is registered to his father’s address in Poughkeepsie; Page listed himself as “founder and managing partner,” even though the only other partner seemed to be Sergei Yatsenko, who was once a mid-level executive at Gazprom. He also maintained a website and handed out business cards that listed a fancy Madison Avenue address—that’s the one “around the corner from Trump Tower”— which was actually the address of a co-working space.

“That’s Carter Page,” says an American businessman who has spent nearly a decade working in Russia. “That’s what he’s been doing, without any actual funding, without any actual experience, without any actual connections or core capabilities, he’s been trying to throw together these deals. He’s always been operating at a level far beneath that at which business in Russia is done. I admire that, it takes a lot of gumption.”

In the interest of due diligence, I also tried to run down the rumors being handed me by the corporate investigators: that Russia’s Alfa Bank paid for the trip as a favor to the Kremlin; that Page met with Sechin and Ivanov in Moscow; that he is now being investigated by the FBI for those meetings because Sechin and Ivanov were both sanctioned for Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.

“I don’t know this person,” said Pyotr Aven, one of the two founders of Alfa Bank, which is considered the Western Russian bank. Aven and his partner, Mikhail Fridman, have transferred much of their assets out of Russia and have been quite critical of Putin. As for who paid for Page’s trip, Aven was no less irritated by the question. “I give them money, I don’t know how they spend it, who they invite, when they invite them, I have no idea,” he said of the New Economic School, which hosted Page and of which Aven is the main benefactor. Exasperated by my questions, he snapped, “Don’t bring these Russian-style conspiracy theories to me.”

“You are engaged in onanism,” said Leontiev, the spokesman for Rosneft and Sechin when I asked him if Page had met with Sechin. “It’s bullshit. Just bullshit. You need to understand who Sechin is to even ask this question. It’s hard to have a meeting with him at all. It’s absurd.”

As for the FBI investigation, well, it’s unclear. A State Department official who works on Russia sanctions but was not authorized to speak on the record told me that, for one thing, there is “no prohibition meeting with a designated [sanctioned] individual. Moreover, sanctions violations are not criminal in nature and not enforced by the FBI. OFAC runs them.” He added, “the story doesn't add up.” What does seem to have happened is that various U.S. intelligence agencies were looking into Page’s time in Moscow, then briefed Senate minority leader, Democrat Harry Reid, who wrote a letter to FBI Director James Comey asking him to investigate, among other things, “whether a Trump advisor who has been highly critical of U.S. and European economic sanctions on Russia, and who has conflicts of interest due to investments in Russian energy conglomerate Gazprom, met with high-ranking sanctioned individuals while in Moscow in July of 2016, well after Trump became the presumptive Republican nominee.”

***

I got my next surprise when I called Stephen Miller, Trump’s senior adviser. I caught him just as the Trump plane was about to take off, and asked him the tired, old question: Who is Carter Page?

“Who?” says Miller, and then went off the record to expound on his lack of involvement in the campaign.

“He has no formal role in the campaign,” Hope Hicks texted responding to my question.

Now my interest was piqued. There were whispers all over Washington that, despite Hicks’s denial, Page was not only still part of the Trump campaign, but its conduit for Russian influence. Was he?

One way to answer the question was to figure out how he even got on that list to begin with.

One source suggested to me that Richard Burt, former U.S. ambassador to Germany, START treaty negotiator, and longtime lobbyist for Alfa Bank, was the nexus. It was Burt who helped draft Trump’s foreign policy speech in April, and had been advising the Trump campaign, via Senator Jeff Sessions, on foreign policy. But when I met Burt at his office at the McLarty Associates lobbying shop, he looked at me and said he had never even met him. “The only person I talked to about Carter Page is this guy at the Washington Post,” Burt told me. “And I told him I’d never met the guy. Let me put it this way: if I have met him, I’ve forgotten. He’s the former Merrill Lynch guy, right?”

Someone else told me that the Page connection was Rick Dearborn, Sessions’ chief of staff, who hired Page because Dearborn knew nothing about foreign policy but needed to put together a foreign policy staff for Trump’s Alexandria, Virginia, policy shop and he happened to know Page. But Dearborn wouldn’t return my calls, and someone who once worked for that policy shop told me it was neither Dearborn nor Burt, but campaign co-chair Sam Clovis who recruited Page. “If he was part of that original group of people, I can say with 70 percent confidence it was Sam Clovis,” this person told me.

“I’m not answering your questions,” Clovis told me. He refused to tell me if he was the one who found Page, but Jason Miller, the campaign’s other spokesperson, says, “Carter Page isn’t someone I’ve interacted with.” Which confirmed what a policy staffer on the Trump campaign told me: “Carter is a red herring, not a Rasputin. He’s never met Trump, never briefed him. He has zero influence, none.”

***

Was Page the shadowy messenger between the Kremlin and Trump Tower, or was he the nebbishy, not-very-successful man trying to profit from the arbitrage between what Trump said—he’s my adviser—and what his associates said—“Who?” Maybe I wasn’t doing this right, and maybe everyone was lying to me, but it was hard not to come to the conclusion that, regardless of whatever game the Russians were running, Page was firmly in the latter camp.

“I don’t know about his Russia fund, other than it’s never really materialized,” says the prominent player in the energy space whom Page has pitched on various energy projects. “Every conversation I’ve had with Carter has not been terribly serious. They’ve all been pie-in-the-sky ideas. There are usually issues with traction and execution capabilities.” He went on. “I couldn’t name a project that I could connect Carter’s name to, any project that actually happened.”

“I don’t know how he’s earned a living off this,” the energy player says, “but I think he’s been trying to be an intermediary. If you hang around Russia long enough, it’s sort of like a pinball machine, something will hit you.”

Strangely, it was not a Russian pinball that hit him; it was Trump. According to the Trump policy adviser, this winter, Clovis began to draw up a list of people who could serve as policy advisers to the campaign and give it some intellectual and policy heft. At a time when established Republican foreign policy specialists were tripping over each other to get away from Trump, “a lot of people came to Sam Clovis in February, March, and said, ‘I want to be part of the team,’” says the Trump adviser. And that’s how it happened. “He’s just a guy on a list. Trump looked at the list and said, ‘He’s an adviser.’ And now he’s milking it for all it’s worth.”

Now, someone whom no one in the field had ever heard of was suddenly a Very Important Person in Washington—or at least could plausibly market himself as one. “I was not aware of him at all until he was named to the campaign, and even after that, I had never heard of him,” one Russia specialist in Washington told me. He saw Page at a Washington roundtable in June for Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and what he saw was a strange kind of person: one who was very differential to everyone there “in a way that someone who is junior would use it to network,” but who was dropping hints full of meaning to anyone who would listen—and be impressed. “He was saying he was planning to go to Moscow,” the Russia specialist recalls. “He didn’t say what he was going to do there, but he created the impression that there could be some meaning to the trip.”

According to a congressional leadership staffer familiar with the intelligence briefings on Page’s trip to Russia, “the meetings did happen and that’s been established as a fact. I think the investigation is more what happened in them.” But it remained unclear, the staffer told me unprompted, what this even meant. “It’s not just did he met with them or not, but now looking into the bigger question of what the hell is going on?” said the staffer. “Is he acting as a conduit in ways that are against America’s national security interests? Wittingly or un-, I should add. It’s what’s hard to parse about this. Is he doing this with nefarious intent or is this just about guys who are thrilled to be living in a John le Carré novel? Or are they being played by much smarter people in the Kremlin?”

This seems to be vintage Carter Page, a man whose story never quite adds up, as much as he tries to make the numbers work. But he’s also mastered the art of manipulating the distance between his story as it is and his story as he wants it to be, playing on the uncertainty in between to make himself seem more successful, more connected, even more evil than he really is—and to try to turn a profit off of that. “If Page using his status as ‘Trump advisor’ for personal gain, that’s another matter: Time for Page to join Twitter!” Michael McFaul, former U.S. ambassador to Russia, tweeted after news of the investigation broke. The Russians may be feeling out the Trump campaign via Page, but Page must be loving every minute of it. After all, meeting Russia’s energy czar is an impossible dream for a would-be investor struggling to make it in the world of Russian energy—but the dream entered the realm of the possible when Trump said three words in March: “Carter Page, Ph.D.” Now Carter Page, Ph.D., has found a perfect candidate to latch on to, like a pilot fish feeding off the carnage wrought by the oblivious Trump shark.

For months now, the American press has been twisting itself in knots trying to explain men like Page and Manafort, and, through them, to answer the questions of whether Putin is trying to destroy America by their hands, and is Trump a Kremlin stooge or a just a useful idiot, and is there even a difference?

There doesn’t seem to be one in the world of Trump, which in some ways resembles Putin’s: the waters of truth are muddy and deeply suggestive. And that is all that matters. Is Putin actually meddling in our election and undermining the foundations of Western democracy in a massive way, or doing just enough to make us think he is, and thereby acquiring powers he holds only because we believe him to have them? “I want to hope that this is connected with the growing influence and significance of Russia,” Putin says of the rumors of Russian meddling in the American election—as we in the media continue to squeegee them around, rarely really getting closer to the truth, and watching it disintegrate in our hands when we think we’ve finally grasped it.

Julia Ioffe is contributing writer at Politico Magazine."
"Like much of the mainstream media, the Washington Post is going out of its way to disparage Donald Trump. But the Post isn’t satisfied with the normal biased reporting—they have gone above and beyond assigning 20 reporters just to dig up dirt on the Republican nominee. That must have failed because now they are taking the lazy, but disgusting way out with inappropriate Hitler references. Twice in this month Post columnists have compared Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler. Perhaps the editors have designated September as “Trump Is Hitler Month” at the Washington Post.

On Monday they featured a column by Richard Cohen which said in part,

(…) while Trump is neither an anti-Semite nor does he have designs on neighboring countries, he is Hitlerian in his thinking. He thinks the truth is what he says it is.

Mr. Cohen didn’t mention what despot Hillary’s lies reminded him of, but then again the post would never have a “Hillary is Hitler month.” While a Hillary comparison would be just as wrong, the fact that they are only creating a “Trump” month is incredibly sexist.

Six Day’s before Mr. Cohen, another columnist Shalom Auslander wrote, “Don’t compare Donald Trump to Adolf Hitler. It belittles…

The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com"
"2016 Obama’s team isn’t laughing at Trump anymore The president’s aides worry the Republican represents more of America than a fringe.

Obamaworld laughed as it watched Donald Trump’s hostile takeover of the GOP. After eight years of Republican opposition, inconsistent policy demands and racialized hate against the first black president, President Barack Obama’s aides, past and present, thought Republicans had gotten what they deserved--and more, all but forfeiting the 2016 race to the woman they defeated eight years ago.

They’re not laughing anymore.

Story Continued Below

Going into Monday night’s debate, Obama’s team is feeling that same anxiety expressed by some top Hillary Clinton aides: maybe the country isn’t what they thought, maybe the resistance to Obamacare and gay marriage and the progress they’re so proud of is broader than the vocal fringe they’ve always dismissed. Maybe, the president’s aides – current and former – now concede, they’re going to have to live with the fact that Trump could end up in the Oval Office in part due to a backlash against Obama.

“I’m trying to think of a series to compare it to, which was a series that started as a comedy and became a high stakes drama,” said Ben LaBolt, a former White House aide and press secretary for Obama’s 2012 reelection campaign. “I feel like we’re maybe in the fifth season of ‘Breaking Bad’ here. We’re way beyond the laughs, and just sitting on the edge of our seats in terror.”

“There's not a lot of mirth in the circles I run in about him,” said another former senior Obama campaign staffer.

Privately, Obama has expressed mixed feelings, according to people close to the president. He’s still nursing amusement at Republicans for being hapless enough to get railroaded by Trump, but it’s mixed with frustration that there are so many Americans he failed to reach. People who've spoken to him say the president wonders what he might have done differently to break through in a way that would make people who’ve benefited from his policies—like those enjoying added health benefits courtesy of Obamacare—support Democrats.

For Obamaworld staffers who had just been starting to settle into a new buoyancy about the president's climbing approval numbers, Trump’s growing strength is an agonizing reminder of how far short they have fallen in delivering on ‘hope.' Even if Clinton wins, the Republican has shown not only that America is divided between red and blue but that there’s an America that Obama never connected with at all, and where all his data and rational arguments and appeals to sensibilities are as useless as Monopoly money.

“We are still the country that elected Barack Obama in 2008, and we are capable of that and more,” said Jim Papa, a former special assistant for legislative affairs in the White House. “But we’re also capable of making bad choices and being seduced by someone who plays to fears and anxieties and racial differences.”

Trump’s already done things they never thought he could, like mainstreaming racist rhetoric and racking up so many small donors that they worry about the extent of his support. And that was even before he riled up Obama doubters again with his birther pirouette.

And the result: Trump’s doing better in the polls at this late stage than Obama’s team imagined. With 43 days to go, Trump and Clinton are essentially tied, polls sitting within the margin of error, even in battleground states.

Though only a few weeks ago, current and former Obama aides would joke about how the president’s great political legacy might be the Republican Party destroying itself in front of him. Now, on the record, they push back on the very suggestion that Obama’s legacy should be viewed in any frame that Trump also occupies.

“I don’t think he thinks it’s his legacy, I don’t think any of us think it’s his legacy,” said Dan Pfeiffer, a former senior adviser to the president. “Trumpism is a lot of things in this country. President Obama is the face of that for some Republicans, but the Republican Party got themselves into this mess.”

But they worry about what even a Trump loss says about Obama’s America.

“I think he will lose badly in this election, but I think the impact he’s had on our political process is incredibly damaging, and will be lasting,” said Tommy Vietor, a former national security spokesman who noted that his own amusement at Trump ended a year ago. “He’s made us look stupid. I think he is stupid.”

For any efforts Obama made in urging people to disagree without being disagreeable, as the president likes to say, “Trump has shattered that,” Vietor said. “He has brought back a brand of politics that is you punch your opponent as hard as you can, it doesn’t matter if it’s a low blow, it doesn’t matter if it’s not of substance. That’s a bad lesson for people to learn.”

According to Earnest, Obama is serious about wanting a functional opposition and wishes that he’d had one to negotiate with on immigration reform, trade, infrastructure and other priorities. The sense of lost opportunity eats at them, as does the sense that it’s not going away, despite their confidence in Clinton’s chances.

“I’m not saying we’d all be playing acoustic guitar in a circle on the National Mall, but I am saying we would have progress to show for our efforts,” said White House press secretary Josh Earnest, who's been with the president since the first campaign.

Not everyone’s inside Obamaworld is down. Some schadenfreude remains.

“He's still exposed and ripped apart factions of the GOP, enhanced their brand as hostile to a rising electorates, and will leave them with no infrastructure,” said a more upbeat former Obama 2008 campaign spokesman Hari Sevugan.

And Democrats’ sense of the vacuous GOP that Trump represents continues to resonate, particularly as they see the Republican nominee attack an economy that’s gone wrong with the support of many of the same people who opposed the policies that the president credits for the economic rebound that includes the longest period of sustained growth and taxpayers repaid with interest from the bailouts that caused so much trouble.

“The eight-year legacy of the recovery from the Great Recession is clear evidence that the Tea Party movement,” said Earnest, “is intellectually bankrupt—or about something other than the economy.”

But that doesn't take care of their grief about the state of American politics.

“I’d rather live in a world where the two parties really compete,” Papa said, “than have a political edge on the Republican Party but have to live in a world where white supremacists have a channel and are legitimized.”

Authors:"
"Story highlights Trump has 45%, Clinton 42% and Gary Johnson 8%

Mitt Romney won the state by 8 points in 2012

Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are in a tight race in in Georgia, a traditionally deep red state, according to a new poll.

The Republican candidate has 45% to Clinton's 42% in the Monmouth University poll, within the poll's margin of error. Libertarian Gary Johnson had the support of 8% of likely voters.

Trump is underperforming previous GOP candidates. Mitt Romney won the state by 8 points in 2012 over President Barack Obama.

The incumbent Republican senator is also out-polling Trump. Sen. Johnny Isakson has a 16-point lead over challenger Jim Barksdale, 50% to 34%.

Clinton's strength comes from the Atlanta area, where she leads Trump 55% to 35%. But Trump leads her 51% to 33% elsewhere in the Peach State. She leads 88% to 4% among the state's black voters, but trails 20% to 66% among white voters.

Read More"
"There may be a few women out there who enjoy a man telling them to be more joyous in their presence, but as for the rest of us, there’s nothing a woman hates more than being told to smile.

Do men smile all the time? No. Because if they did, we’d think they were crazy and up to something. Same goes for women.

Not every situation calls for a smile at all times. Especially when discussing foreign policy and our military. So, when RNC Chair Reince Priebus thought it appropriate to criticize Hillary Clinton for not smiling enough during the NBC forum hosted by Matt Lauer, it didn’t exactly go over well.

One person who definitely had a lot to say about Priebus and his request of a smile from Hillary was none other than Chelsea Handler on her hit Netflix show Chelsea.

Chelsea began by asking Priebus:

“Who the f*ck are you to tell someone to smile?”

Adding:

“This is just another example of how men feel the can belittle every woman in the world and order up a smile.”

Chelsea then said:

“Stop telling women to smile. We don’t like that. It’s not an icebreaker, it’s a deal breaker.”

Going for Priebus’ jugular, Chelsea absolutely destroys him and his ridiculously corny smile, then says:

“You know when women will smile? When Hillary kicks that pneumonia and trounces Trump in November.”

And that’s exactly right.

Watch the full video here:

Featured image via video screen capture"
"Off Message Is Donald Trump qualified to be president? In the most pivotal moment of 2016, these are the questions he must answer.

H.L. Mencken declared there was only one way to look at a politician — “down.”

Likewise, there’s really only one way to look at the first presidential debate on Monday: as the first serious job interview for potential President Donald John Trump — an opaque candidate who has hidden behind a steel curtain of one-liners, faux familiarity and universal celebrity.

Story Continued Below

Yeah, yeah, yeah, it’s a big night for Hillary Clinton too. She’s got a lot to prove, for real, namely that she’s not the lying, self-dealing crook many Americans think she is — or at least convince the 55 percent of voters who don’t like her that her virtues (temperament and experience) compensate for decades of assorted ick. She needs to prove she can stand up to Trump, answer the usual email/foundation questions, convince whoever’s still sellable on the idea (stop Instagramming a picture of your lunch, millennials, and listen up) that she’s not some scheming granny who will just sell everybody out the second John Roberts drops the swearing-in Bible.

But the spotlight belongs on Trump, who is in need of a rigorous job interview. Clinton deserves the same, but she is already the single most scrutinized, parsed, vetted, investigated, attacked and plaudited non-incumbent to ever seek the presidency. She’s been around forever, making enemies since the internet was dial-up, cell phones were the size of skateboards and Trump was engaged to Marla Maples.

Everyone makes the orange jokes, but Trump is something of a black box — running on a few big and broad ideas (curbing illegal immigration, ditching bad trade deals, restoring American prosperity to the working class and obliterating political correctness). He’s bad with facts and the truth, and perhaps worse, takes perverse pride in being a D student who doesn’t read books, has the sketchiest sense of history, doesn’t read briefing materials, and, according to aides and ghostwriters, can’t even sit still long enough to be given a thorough verbal briefing.

These are not nasty, biased, liberal opinions. They are facts based on reporting and Trump’s own public performances. Here are five questions Trump needs to address on Monday — but taken together, they add up to one big one: Is Donald Trump qualified to be President of the United States?

1. Does he actually know — or care to know — the basic information needed to competently run the country?

Only one verdict of presidential fitness counts, of course, and that’s a candidate’s capacity to get to 270 electoral votes. In recent days, Trump — who swooned after Clinton’s superb convention in Philly — has closed to within the margin of error in many (though not all) national polls, and jumped to serious leads in battlegrounds like Ohio and Iowa since Aug. 1. He’s still the most unpopular candidate in recent history (although Clinton is number two with a bullet) and seems to have a ceiling of between 40 and 44 percent nationally. But he can win. Fivethirtyeight.com, the arch-aggregator, gives Trump nearly a 50 percent chance of prevailing.

His resurgence proves three political points — two of them we knew, the third is a surprise to everyone except Trump and his team: The country (especially the white working-class parts) is pissed, Clinton is a perennially lousy candidate and — lastly, but not leastly — Trump has proven to be a resilient and flexible candidate with the capacity (developed late in the game) to shift shape and shut up when he needs to.

The first debate should be a pivot — from politicking to president-ing. Being a cunning candidate isn’t remotely the same thing as being ready to rule — and we should be moving to the Doris Kearns Goodwin phase of the campaign, where the top priority is fitness to govern in a time of trial. It probably won’t happen, but a boy can dream.

This is not to suggest that Trump can’t do the job (Ronald Reagan, another entertainer who forayed into politics, was mostly a success), but he’s been judged as a performer up to this point, and not subjected to the cold fluorescent scrutiny of managerial competence.

Trump has repeatedly flubbed tests of his basic understanding of domestic and foreign affairs — apparently he wasn’t aware Russia had annexed Crimea until George Stephanopoulos informed him recently. He obliterated Jeb Bush, that humbled patsy of the GOP establishment, in the debates — but Bush (if anyone had cared to listen) punctured Trump’s bully-boy promise to impose tariffs on Chinese products, correctly pointing out that such a move would certainly spark countermeasures by Beijing that could lead to a global depression. Trump wasn’t aware of that fact, or just didn’t care.

The caring part is kind of important, if history is any guide. In April, I sat down with one of his longtime advisers, Roger Stone, who described what it was like to brief an executive whose prime attributes were supreme self-confidence and supreme impatience. “All you can do is present information and let him either assimilate it or not,” said Stone, who has known the GOP nominee for decades. “When you write something for him, keep it short and staccato. He's not going to read a 40-page white paper on the economy; zero chance of that. It's just too boring. Don't blame him; I don't like it either. So keep it simple and direct because that's the way he communicates.”

Stone argued that Trump isn’t an ignoramus — just a cut-to-the-chase decision-maker who is a lightning-quick study. But George W. Bush’s advisers, speaking to biographer Peter Baker, said that Bush’s unwillingness to ask probing, informed questions led to some of his disastrous decisions in Iraq. And during the nadir of the 2009 global economic meltdown, President Obama added a daily economic briefing to his daily national security rundown to keep tabs on the rapidly shifting metrics of crisis.

Trump’s capacity to intuitively assimilate information might render such processes useless — but there’s not a single presidential historian drawing oxygen who believes a lack of intellectual curiosity is an asset for the job.

Many Americans might not give a damn that he knows what HUD’s Section 8 program is — and his failure to answer informational questions that Clinton would parry with ease will endear him to his screw-the-media base. But don’t people have the right to know what he actually knows? Trump has gleefully trashed the rules of presidential campaigns, so why should a moderator treat him with the deference of someone who abides by the norms — by assuming he possesses the basic knowledge traditionally required of a presidential candidate?

2. Does Trump understand and respect the basic principles and traditions of American Constitutional government?

Again, this is not a given. Hillary Clinton despises the press, and dodges them as if they were a pack of feral rats, but she has never suggested they be stopped from doing their jobs through the courts. Trump (who banned news outlets, including this one, from his events for most of the campaign) routinely threatens litigation against publications that publish unflattering articles and, in February, went so far as to say: “We're going to open up those libel laws. So when The New York Times writes a hit piece which is a total disgrace … we can sue them and win money instead of having no chance of winning because they're totally protected.”

That’s a new one for a presidential nominee. As Corey Brettschneider wrote in POLITICO Magazine last month: “For more than 50 years, the Supreme Court has held that for a public figure to prove libel against a news outlet, they must show that the outlet acted with ‘actual malice’ — that is, with knowledge that it was false or with reckless disregard of whether it was false or not.”

During a private meeting with Hill Republicans earlier this year, the populist real estate developer expressed his fondness for “Article 12 of the Constitution.” The framers stopped at seven. “He was just listing out numbers,” said Congressman Blake Farenthold (R-Texas), a Trump backer at the time. “I think he was confusing Articles and Amendments.”

OK, let’s write that one off as a gotcha — you can understand Constitutional principles without citing literal chapter and verse. But consider his reaction to the Paris bombings last November when Trump told FOX News he thought the government should shutter some mosques where “some bad things are happening.” The comment was decried by Constitutional scholars of all stripes as a radical measure that would violate the “Free Exercise” clause of the First Amendment, a pillar of protection for faiths of all kinds.

3. Why won’t Trump forthrightly answer the most basic questions about his businesses and debts?

Hillary Clinton has, appropriately, has come under intense scrutiny for her six-figure speeches to big Wall Street firms like Goldman Sachs — and has refused to release the transcripts of her prattles to the plutocrats. And serious questions remain about the lack of boundaries between the Clinton Foundation, the State Department, and big-money foreign donors who blurred the line between influence peddling and altruism.

But the Clintons have released all of their tax returns (in part because, for many years, they were required to do so as government employees) and Trump is the first major presidential candidate in the modern era to thumb his nose at handing over a single one.

Why does it matter? Because a guy whose purchase on the presidency is rooted in his private-sector acumen needs to back up his claims with proof, in the same way that Clinton needs to be held accountable for her purported record of accomplishment in the White House, Senate and State Department. At issue is Trump’s fundamental personal narrative, and his claim that he’s “very, very rich.” He is, but maybe not quite as much as he claims (he says he’s good for $11 billion; Forbes and other outlets say he’s worth less than half that much).

More serious is the issue of Trump’s debts: The Clinton campaign, citing press reports that he owes large sums to overseas creditors in China and elsewhere, has attacked him for being in the pocket of foreign financial overlords. If that’s a lie, there’s an easy way to prove it — by releasing the returns.

This isn’t a liberal media witch-hunt: Many Republicans, including supporters like House Speaker Paul Ryan, say he needs to cough them up, and fast.

4. What’s the deal with his charitable foundation? Then there’s the matter of Trump’s sloppily run, and less-than-magnanimous foundation. In exposé after exposé, Washington Post reporter David Fahrenthold has reported on a pattern of over-promising donations and the misuse of funds (including a quarter-million payment to cover legal fees for Trump’s businesses and sports memorabilia) that Trump himself has conceded might be illegal.

The problem, yet again, is that Trump has refused to release a comprehensive accounting of his giving, and his surrogates have routinely misstated the magnitude of his generosity, according to the reporting of Fahrenthold and others.

5. Why lie? These days, the polygraph is used sparingly as part of the vetting process for employment, mostly for sensitive national security or law enforcement jobs. If presidential candidates were subjected to that level of scrutiny, the only person allowed on the debate stage at Hofstra would be the technician testing the sound system.

But if Trump is to be vetted for the presidency, he needs to be asked not only about individual statements he’s made in the past, but his pattern of lying, stretching the truth and bungling facts.

Hillary Clinton (“Crooked Hillary” in Trump’s parlance) it bears repeating, is no saint — far from it — and her early answers on the email scandal were misleading, bordering on the untruthful, and flat-out lies in the view of GOP congressional investigators.

But it’s a crowning irony of 2016 that the Republican Party, whose base revolted against its leadership for untruthfulness — especially George W. Bush’s claims about Iraq — would nominate the most brazenly truth-challenged candidate in recent history. (A recitation of Trump’s whoppers would take up too much space – read POLITICO’s comprehensive “Donald Trump’s Week of Misrepresentations, Exaggerations and Half-Truths” for a taste.)

In an attempt to defend Trump, buddy Newt Gingrich, who lobbied to be Trump’s running mate, tweeted what amounted to an indirect admission that his man has a trouble with all those pesky facts. “Clinton,” the former speaker wrote, “is a fox who knows many things you can fact check. Trump is a hedgehog who knows one big thing…”

But getting the facts right — and telling the truth — is a big thing. It’s the only way citizens will ever look up to, and not down on, their leaders.

Authors:"